floyd | a new game begins with 6 players composed of 1 werewolf, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, 1 mafia, 1 archangel, and 1 villager.  now it is
floyd | night; time for the werewolf to kill, the seer to identify, the
floyd | wolfsbane carrier to protect, the mafia to kill, the archangel to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
floyd | brenbarn, a villager, is found as a heap of gnawed bones.
floyd | hloif, a archangel, is discovered lounging by the town gates, behind
floyd | the tavern, in the bushes, across the town square, and at home.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
hloif says, "eep."
jwalrus says, "so, the wolf killed hloif"
brenbarn croaks
boingball says, "apparently"
jwalrus says, "or, hloif was silly"
parsergirl says, "eww."
penguin asks (of jw), "which is more likely?"
boingball says, "so the normal villager is dead"
penguin says, "guess it doesn't matter."
hloif asks, "what?  huh?  what about me?"
penguin says (to hloif), "you're dead."
jwalrus says, "not that knowing who killed hloif is likely to make a difference"
parsergirl says, "so we've got a seer, mafia, wolf, and a baner"
penguin says, "dead men tell no tales, hloif."
floyd | boingball votes to lynch parsergirl.
hloif says, "wait..."
brenbarn says, "more speedwolf"
penguin says (to brenbarn), "yay"
jwalrus says, "no, let's think"
hloif is dead and confused.
floyd | parsergirl votes to lynch boingball.
jwalrus says, "seer is likely to die tonight if we mislynch, as is baner"
jwalrus says, "or tomorrow"
boingball says (to pg), "two wrongs don't make a right"
jwalrus asks, "so should we fess up?"
penguin says (to jw), "assuming seer identifies self."
parsergirl says (to bb), "no, but it evens the field"
jwalrus says (to penguin), "i mean, cause the wolves or mafia will outnumber villagers"
penguin says, "oh."
penguin says, "i'm seer. jw is baner."
boingball says (to pg), "the whole world would be blind, toothless, and fieldless"
floyd | penguin votes to lynch boingball.
jwalrus says, "wait"
jwalrus says, "we have to kill the mafia"
parsergirl asks (of boingball), "fieldless?"
penguin says (to jw), "oh yeah. i forgot."
brenbarn laughs.
boingball says, "i don't know. i'm ill. leave me alone."
jwalrus says, "if we kill the wolf, we lose, i think"
jwalrus says, "this is complicated"
jwalrus says, "if we kill the mafia, it's fifty-fifty"
penguin asks (of jw), "so, is it boingball or parsergirl?"
boingball asks, "so follow the trail of italian stereotypes?"
jwalrus says, "well, we want to kill the one less likely to kill hloif"
jwalrus says, "and more likely to kill brenbarn"
boingball says, "so not me, then"
parsergirl says, "hey, why would it be one of us? penguin could be lying"
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch parsergirl.
jwalrus says, "but i know i'm baner"
floyd | penguin changes vote from boingball to parsergirl.
