floyd | a new game begins with 11 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer,
floyd | and 8 villagers.  now it is night; time for the werewolves to kill,
floyd | the seer to identify and the rest to sleep.
julian asks, "should i close my eyes?  or not until floyd says?"
brenbarn says, "you don't have to close your eyes"
lonecleric says, "everything happens through floyd."
julian says, "oh, ok."
lonecleric says, "and normally, we don't speak out loud at night."
brenbarn says, "if you're a villager, you just do 'wf sleep'"
bishop says, "but you'll want to 'wf kill <name>', 'wf identify <name>', or 'wf sleep' depending who you are."
julian says, "wf kill lonecleric"
julian says, "err,  jk."
floyd | andyf, a villager, is remembered at a special service held at
floyd | daybreak.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
lonecleric says, "oh dear."
andyf says, "bah."
gunther says, "i see dead people!"
brenbarn says, "ooer"
bishop says, "aw."
thazz says, "well, who had the motive and opportunity?""
marten exclaims, "oh no!"
bishop asks (of thazz), "um, everybody?"
traevoli looks very solemn.
julian exclaims, "andyf was dating thazz's girlfriend!"
guest1 says, "it can't be my brother! don't lynch thazz! dont! ;=("
gunther says (to bishop), "except andyf, i guess"
thazz frowns. "hm. there is that, bishop."
julian asks (of gunther), "well, that's an assumption, isn't it?"
thazz laughs. "i am not the wolf!"
bishop says (to gunther), "well, it could have been suicide. er, he could have, um, bitten his own throat out."
brenbarn asks, "a wolfish cackle, eh?"
traevoli says, "who's new in town?  if we have no reason to trust them, we have every reason to suspect them."
bishop contorts his body in an attempt to demonstrate.
gunther says, "actually, i have no idea whether werewolves can kill themselves or others"
brenbarn says, "they can kill each other, yeah"
andyf says, "don't mind me, i'll just sit here and decompose."
lonecleric says (to gunther), "yes they can."
bishop says (to andyf), "quiet, you. your're dead."
guest1 chuckles.
brenbarn says, "not sure if a lone wolf can kill himself"
lonecleric says (to gunther), "in a botched game, the last remaining ww killed himself."
gunther says, "heh"
julian says, "andyf seems to have not been buried properly."
brenbarn says, "i remember we had a nice big game once and maga killed me even though we were both wolves"
marten says, "oh great, so we now have undead too! nice village :)"
guest1 asks, "just one question, there were two werewolves, why is only one person dead?"
traevoli covers the body with a sheet.
bishop says (to bb), "yes, i can see maga doing that. <g>"
brenbarn says (to guest), "the wolves agree on one victim"
gunther says, "anyway, unless the seer has identified a wolf and wants to step forward (which may or may not be a good idea), we have to lynch at random"
brenbarn says, "no matter how many wolves there are"
lonecleric says, "just like we'll agree on one."
you scoop up the dice, and rattle them around a bit.
thazz nods. "it's a shame that we do have to kill somebody."
julian asks, "has the seer identified a wolf?"
brenbarn rolls six dice-sided dice, and gets 1(1), 1(2), 1(3), 1(4), 1(5), 1(6).
brenbarn says, "gah"
you roll the dice on the floor. the red one comes up 3, and the green one comes up 6.
guest1 growls... oops ;=)
julian asks, "hey?  can we lynch both the wolves, if the seer identifies both of them?"
bishop asks (of bb), "and that means what?"
schep says (to julian), "not in one day."
brenbarn says, "marten or bishop"
gunther says (to julian), "only one lynching and only one identification a day"
bishop says (to julian), "only one lynching per day."
julian says, "huhn.  ok."
marten says, "hey, don't lynch me! i just got here :)"
thazz asks, "okay, so who's suspicious?"
bishop says, "the aclu or the touristry board or someone comes after us if we do more."
gunther says, "yeah, don't lynch a newbie on their first turn."
guest1 smiles innocently... ;=)
thazz asks, "what if the newbie is the wolf, though?"
julian asks, "who here is a newbie?"
traevoli asks (of brenbarn), "those numbers represent ni what order we joined?"
marten exclaims, "thank you!"
bishop gazes around in wonder, drops his jaw, and pretends to be a newbie.
brenbarn says, "well, i'm just counting from the bottom of the who list"
gunther says (to thazz), "well, sure, once we have proof it's different"
brenbarn asks (of bishop), "being tricky, are you?"
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch bishop.
lonecleric says, "we're lynching at random for now, so why pick a newbie? that's the reason."
marten points at himself, i'm new in town
thazz exclaims, "proof! we need proof! of which there is none!"
floyd | lonecleric votes to lynch bishop.
floyd | julian votes to lynch bishop.
bishop says (to brenbarn), "yes. stand in awer of my subtlety. no, wait, ignore my subtlety."
floyd | gunther votes to lynch bishop.
schep says (to brenbarn), "that's not an incredibly fair system."
floyd | schep votes to lynch brenbarn.
floyd | thazz votes to lynch brenbarn.
floyd | guest1 votes to lynch bishop.
floyd | bishop votes to lynch brenbarn.
floyd | traevoli votes to lynch brenbarn.
brenbarn asks (of schep), "do you have any better ideas?"
gunther says, "sigh"
floyd | gunther changes vote from bishop to brenbarn.
brenbarn says, "ok, fine"
floyd | brenbarn retracts a vote for bishop.
floyd | julian changes vote from bishop to schep.
schep says, "well, if we're going to throw dice, at least make it equally weighted."
brenbarn asks, "how do you mean?"
gunther says, "oh come on, let's not have an endless discussion here"
thazz exclaims (at gunther), "but that's the best part!"
brenbarn says, "no"
julian asks, "do we have to agree on who to lynch?"
bishop throws the dice. he rolls a 'q' and a 'lawful evil'.
gunther says, "majority vote"
<dglasser> dglasser has connected to ifmud.
floyd | lonecleric changes vote from bishop to bishop.
</marten> marten has disconnected from ifmud.
<marten> marten has connected to ifmud.
brenbarn says, "ooh, bold move"
floyd | lonecleric changes vote from bishop to brenbarn.
