floyd | a new game begins with 14 players composed of 3 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 9 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
maga_dogg drinks coffees
brenbarn says, "this is gonna be wild"
jwalrus says, "mad size game"
mona says, "hope not crash floyd game"
hloif says (to mona), "that would suck."
mona says, "also, shh!"
floyd | brenbarn, a werewolf, looks like the result of using a blender in
floyd | entirely the wrong way.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
boingball says, "hooray"
schep says, "er, heh."
katre says, "doh"
jwalrus asks (of mona), "only happens at the end, and you can work out what went what the heck?"
penguin says, "heh."
hloif says, "eeep."
mona says, "nice"
jwalrus says, "um, ok, whatever"
mona asks, "how could that happen?"
boingball exclaims, "our beloved werewolf! someone must pay for this!"
gunther says, "what the"
emily says, "well, that was odd"
katre asks, "how did that happen?"
parsergirl says, "there's no wrong way to use a blender"
penguin asks (of katre), "why you say "doh"?"
jwalrus says, "wolf screwed up, i guess"
penguin asks, "did you not want that to happen?"
boingball asks, "did we end up with a mafia or something?"
penguin says (to boingball), "nope"
katre says (to penguin), "dude, suck on a toe or something"
parsergirl asks, "huh. wolf killed wolf?"
katre says, "when someone obviously fucks up, i say 'doh'"
jota says, "there's no mafia, there's no vig."
penguin says, "ok."
jwalrus says (to boing), "no, i think one wolf killed another due to communication problems"
ryan says, "hmm."
gunther says, "that was completely bizarre"
jota says, "perhaps brb really ticked off the other wolves."
mona laughs ass off.
boingball votes to lynch logic.
jwalrus says, "also, ender isn't playing, so i'll have to say it"
emily says, "well, i'd like to point out that i wouldn't've done that"
jwalrus says, "yay bumbling wolves!"
jota asks, "well, i guess just vote for whoever seems most clueless?"
maga_dogg wouldn't have been so stupid.
katre asks, "mm, who would be that silly?"
schep says (to jwal), "yay"
emily says, "which kind of underscores my innocence"
not a valid command. try typing help.
jwalrus says, "so, we know the wolf is someone really stupid"
gunther says, "go on like this, and we'll just not lynch anyone"
katre says, "it's clearly penguin"
floyd | boingball votes to lynch gunther.
floyd | parsergirl votes to lynch gunther.
floyd | katre votes to lynch penguin.
floyd | hloif votes to lynch gunther.
floyd | penguin votes to lynch gunther.
jwalrus laughs.
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch gunther.
floyd | mona votes to lynch gunther.
gunther asks, "what the fuck?"
floyd | emily votes to lynch gunther.
