waldo | a new game begins with 13 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 3
waldo | masons, 1 devil, and 6 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
waldo | werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the devil to identify and
waldo | the rest to sleep.
caleb arrives, full of fun and funk.
<inky> tip:- if you want take out your frustrations, old testament is definitely the way to go.
ender snores.
brenbarn says, "zzzzwho's holding up zzzthe zzzwheels of progrezzzz"
ender mutters, "what's the holdup?" in his sleep.
maga_dogg says, "sleep, people"
rogercarbol says, "zzzzz must be a newbie wolf.  who isn't me.  zzzz"
emily snores loudly
rogercarbol says, "sleep.  whoops."
brenbarn says, "c'mon, whoever hasn't gone, go"
maga_dogg says (to emily), "the loudness of your snoring betrays the fact that you're doing it while sneaking around under people's windows"
cube says (to rogercarbol), "...go back to bed..."
emily says (to maga_dogg), "hush in your sleep"
brenbarn chuckles dreamily.
rogercarbol says, "gnight, jimcube.  gnight, maryemily."
maga_dogg says (to emily), "oh, fancy seeing you awake at this hour. i'd better get back to, um, bed."
rogercarbol says, "ww who during the night should indicate who is being a game-lagging fink."
brenbarn says, "if you just see a message saying "you need to x" then do what it says"
brenbarn says (to rc), "it would be unfair since wolves generally have to talk before acting"
schep says (to rc), "[or who is actually sleeping]"
rogercarbol says (to bren), "after a delay of three minutes, say."
boingball says, "well isn't this fun"
brenbarn says, "who is the roadblock on the road to death!"
rogercarbol says, "kill self"
matthew sighs.
rogercarbol says, "devil, you must identify someone too."
ryan says, "bishop's been idle for 8m."
matthew says, "okay, i think we lost someone."
maga_dogg says, "trikiw's like four minutes idle"
matthew asks, "should we start over?"
emily says, "i guess"
bishop exclaims, "ow ow ow ow lagburst!"
trikiw says (to md), "no, not me"
rogercarbol exclaims, "but i wanted to kill someone!"
brenbarn says, "no wait"
emily says, "or something"
emily says (to bishop), "was that your fault"
rogercarbol says, "erm, never mind."
emily asks, "?"
</bishop> mom ma! pap pap! i and lady employees to play with it together!
<bishop> "hey there," poot said to cat. "hi there," cat said to poot. "hi," poot said to cat. "hello," cat said to poot.
schep says, "i think that's a 'yes'"
you paged bishop: werewolf.  do your night action!
boingball asks, "okay, roll call. brenbarn?"
emily sighs deeply.
rogercarbol says, "bish just bounched."
brenbarn says, "present mr teacher"
bishop says, "connection fall down go boom."
rogercarbol says, "bounced."
brenbarn says, "there we go"
bishop says, "at greast length."
maga_dogg says (to bishop), "so sleep, fast"
schep asks, "bishop? bueller?"
rogercarbol says, "hurry up and kill somone, bishop."
brenbarn says, "do what you gotta do"
waldo | bishop, a devil, is remembered at a special service held at daybreak.
waldo | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
schep says, "well then."
ryan says, "hah. ouch."
maga_dogg says, "yay"
brenbarn says, "oh!  what awful justice"
matthew says, "wow, a dead devil."
ender falls over.
maga_dogg says, "ha ha ha stupid wolves"
emily says, "hah, and yet, hah again"
cube says, "hehe"
boingball says, "yo ho ho"
maga_dogg says, "he couldn't type because he was dead"
ender says, "that was worth the wait, almost."
emily says, "i guess, uh, that's what happened to your connection, bish"
brenbarn says, "interesting that the devil was posing as a man of the cloth"
matthew says (to ender), "almost."
ender asks, "ok.  so who we gonna lynch, then?"
lonecleric asks, "well, now what?"
brenbarn says, "indeed"
boingball says, "now we hit the hut"
maga_dogg says, "hmm. iias could be amusing, if only because of the amount of info to assimilate"
matthew asks, "hit the hut?"
rogercarbol asks, "who was the laggiest behind bishop?"
ender says, "trikiw was second-most-idle, i think."
matthew says (to maga_dogg), "or, we could not play that."
cube says, "like in survivor."
schep says (to maga), "most of it worthless, of course."
ender says, "but that doesn't mean much."
rogercarbol says, "whoever is the seer could, you know, say something."
maga_dogg says (to schep), "just like the rest of the game, in fact"
ender says, "nah, iias's too confusing for the newbies."
schep says, "if i'm the seer, matthew is innocent."
brenbarn says (to rc), "not smart"
schep says (to rc), "not a good idea."
ender says (to rc), "we have no baner."
schep says, "unless maybe it's found a wolf already."
trikiw is a non-wolf.
rogercarbol says (to everyone), "shudddddup...."
cube asks, "what's a baner do?"
boingball says (to cube), "protect someone from wolves"
brenbarn says (to cube), "protects people from being killed by wolves."
boingball says, "each night"
schep says, "but we don't have one, so."
brenbarn says, "but we don't have one in this game"
boingball says, "usually themselves or the seer"
ender says, "short for wolfsbane carrier."
cube says, "got it."
lonecleric says, "i like iias."
rogercarbol says, "i think we should lynch cube.  he's never even been lynched yet ever."
schep says (to lc), "so go."
waldo | rogercarbol votes to lynch cube.
maga_dogg says, "iias, schep's clean."
lonecleric says, "iias, ender's ok."
cube says, "as much as i would love for the seer to identify themselves it would be putting a bit of an 'i am delicious' sign on their back"
ender says, "ok, then."
boingball says (to cube), "indeed"
brenbarn says, "if i'm seer, cube is innocent"
ender says, "if i am a seer, schep is not a wolf."
emily says, "iias, maga's innocent"
cube says, "if i am a seer, i am not a seer."
rogercarbol says, "if i am a mason, then i rule the world hahahahaha oh never mind."
ryan says, "if i am seer, i'm not innocent. er, something."
bishop has had his fill of playing for now, and goes back to the lounge.
trikiw asks, "how many players can be told they're the seer?"
brenbarn says, "just 1"
cube says, "one.  so there's a lot of conditional seers in this room right now."
rogercarbol says, "that's a variable in the game; for this game, 1."
maga_dogg says (to trikiw), "one"
rogercarbol asks, "how many masons are there?"
matthew says, "three."
brenbarn says, "3"
ender says, "you can 'ww rules' and get the list."
rogercarbol says, "ah, thanks."
rogercarbol urges the others to vote early and vote often.
new default channel: if/comps/introcomp
ender says, "anyway, 6 people have iias'd, and 3 have sort-of done it but broken the rules..."
ender asks, "so we're missing 3.  who hasn't gone yet?"
cube asks, "this is my first game with a seer.  is iias required per round?"
brenbarn says, "no"
brenbarn says, "it's a strategem"
matthew says (to ender), "i have not gone because i don't like playing iias."
ender says (to cube), "no. it's just a useful way we've found to give information."
waldo | trikiw votes to lynch cube.
schep says, "it's not required at all, and some people will refuse to do it."
ryan says, "i am tired of waiting."
cube exclaims, "hey!"
rogercarbol says (to trikiw), "well done, nudge nudge, wink wink."
waldo | ryan votes to lynch schep.
schep says (to ryan), "hey."
cube says, "rc's just bitter cause i led the call for his ultimately innocent head last game"
<jarb> jarb hypnotizes everyone on the mud and everything that happens from now until he leaves is only at the direct request of his invisible monkey.
brenbarn says, "hmm"
ryan says (to schep), "sorry, just trying to get the ball rolling."
maga_dogg asks, "ok, no rationale here, then?"
waldo | schep votes to lynch ryan.
brenbarn says, "this looks to be a long day"
schep says (to maga_dogg), "there's the random claims made by various people, but that's hardly evidence at this point."
waldo | maga_dogg votes to lynch lonecleric.
waldo | ender votes to lynch brenbarn.
rogercarbol says, "i promise not to lynch anyone tomorrow who votes to lynch cube today."
schep says, "except that we can be fairly certain cube and ryan aren't the seer."
waldo | lonecleric votes to lynch maga_dogg.
ender says, "brenbarn because he's the first alphabetically who was not cleared by someone playing iias."
schep says (to rc), "pfff."
rogercarbol says, "unless i get eaten tonight."
brenbarn says, "hey!"
ender says (to rc), "except that cube was cleared by brenbarn, who might be seer."
matthew says, "wait a minute, i'm the only person whose name starts with an m that wasn't cleared by iias!  that must mean..."
waldo | matthew votes to lynch matthew.
ender says, "yeah, voting for bb is unfair.  sorry"
waldo | ender retracts a vote for brenbarn.
lonecleric says, "the joys of sheer randomness..."
waldo | matthew retracts a vote for matthew.
brenbarn says, "the old vote-for-yourself gag has led to foolish deaths too often"
schep says (to matthew), "i 'cleared' you."
maga_dogg asks (of matthew), "risky tactic... how many times have people done that for a joke and then everybody's piled on for a joke simeltaeneously?"
matthew says (to schep), "oh really?  sorry.  :(  i missed that."
schep says, "it was the first one, before the flood."
matthew says (to maga_dogg), "i'm not concerned, i'm a villager."
maga_dogg says, "also, what bren said"
brenbarn says, "maybe he just assumed he wasn't cleared because he can't be"
maga_dogg says (to matthew), "that's no defence against random lynchings"
matthew says (to maga_dogg), "i'm still not concerned."
rogercarbol says (to bren), "cmon, join the cube bandwagon."
ender says, "the list of people who somebody who've been called innocent by somebody claiming to be a seer is: matthew, schep, ender, cube, maga.  did i miss anybody."
ender asks, "?"
brenbarn asks (of rc), "what makes you think it's cube?"
cube says (to brenbarn), "he's bitter cause i strung him up earlier"
rogercarbol says (to bren), "oh, i have my... reasons."
boingball says, "i'm going to get disconnected in a few minutes"
rogercarbol says, "also, why not.  also, cmon, the poor kid has never had the chance to get lynched before."
cube says, "i have no clue who to vote for."
ender asks (of bob), "shall we lynch you then?"
maga_dogg says (to ender), "this is absolutely no guarantee, you note, but it has the miniscule advantage of meaning there's one innocent we *won't* lynch... not much of a guide"
waldo | maga_dogg retracts a vote for lonecleric.
rogercarbol says, "hey why is emily so quiet."
brenbarn says, "perhaps she is digesting"
ender says (to maga), "true.  but the longer we can avoid lynching innocents, the better off we are."
waldo | lonecleric retracts a vote for maga_dogg.
waldo | matthew votes to lynch boingball.
emily says, "um, sorry, distracted reading atholbrose's notes"
matthew says (to brenbarn), "too much cheese."
waldo | ender votes to lynch boingball.
</jarb> jarb swings a watch around the room and releases everyone from the dream. 3. 2. 1. snap!
cube asks, "who?"
boingball says, "no, i'm going to brb"
waldo | matthew retracts a vote for boingball.
waldo | trikiw changes vote from cube to boingball.
matthew says, "oh."
waldo | rogercarbol retracts a vote for cube.
boingball exclaims, "hey!"
<jarb> jarb hypnotizes everyone on the mud and everything that happens from now until he leaves is only at the direct request of his invisible monkey.
waldo | rogercarbol votes to lynch boingball.
maga_dogg says (to bren), "dammit. digesting reviews is much like digesting people"
waldo | cube votes to lynch boingball.
maga_dogg says, "only different"
boingball exclaims (at trikiw, rogercarbol), "hey!!!!"
cube says, "if there's one thing i love, it's bandwagons"
new default channel: if/theory/wip
waldo | ender retracts a vote for boingball.
</jarb> jarb swings a watch around the room and releases everyone from the dream. 3. 2. 1. snap!
ender asks (of boingball), "didn't you just say you were getting disconnected soon?"
boingball says, "yes, and then i said i was going to brb"
rogercarbol says, "might as well go out with a bang, old chum."
lonecleric says (to boing), "you should've been clearer. i almost voted for you there, and off you'd be."
boingball says, "i have periodic disconnection"
maga_dogg says, "okay, i'm going to bandwagon, if only because i don't want my grandchildren to inherit this game"
ender says, "oh, i missed it.  sorry."
emily says (to boingball), "that sounds uncomfortable"
rogercarbol says, "oh."
waldo | maga_dogg votes to lynch boingball.
lonecleric says (to boinb), "you should've said it all at once."
brenbarn says, "not as uncomfortable as being devoured in your sleep"
emily says, "oh, whatever"
waldo | emily votes to lynch boingball.
matthew laughs.
waldo | matthew votes to lynch boingball.
cube says, "we gotta lynch someone"
boingball says, "for fuck's sake"
schep says, "my intuition is against this, but we gotta lynch somebody."
waldo | schep changes vote from ryan to boingball.
