floyd | a new game begins with 8 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, and
floyd | 5 villagers.  now it is night; time for the werewolves to kill, the
floyd | seer to identify and the rest to sleep.
jwalrus asks (of thumper), "not really to which?"
floyd | jwalrus, a villager, is discovered lounging by the town gates, behind
floyd | the tavern, in the bushes, across the town square, and at home.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
thumper says (to jwalrus), "to easily figuring out the problem."
inky says, "as usual i am a villager"
jwalrus says, "oh damn you all"
inky says, "this makes me cry"
brenbarn says, "poor jwal"
thrax asks (of inky), "onion?"
maga_dogg says (to inky), "sucks, doesn't it, as i pointed out earlier"
thumper asks (of inky), "onion flavored villager?"
parsergirl asks, "ugh.  wasn't that the same death as before?"
inky says (to maga), "no, i don't mind when you're a villager"
boingball says, "yeah, let's make a nice version where nobody dies"
parsergirl says, "gristly"
brenbarn says (to maga), "but it makes the game as a whole more interesting."
thumper says (to parsergirl), "i think we can thank ryan for that description."
jwalrus says, "also it can be far scarier being a villager when the game gets near the end"
maga_dogg picks turnips
parsergirl says, "i like it."
thumper asks, "are werewolves repelled by garlic, or is that vampires?"
jwalrus asks (of maga), "is that some drug-related slang again?"
brenbarn says, "vampires"
parsergirl says (to thumper), "vampires"
inky says, "anyway, i'm going to vote randomly again"
inky scoops up the dice, and rattles them a bit.
boingball says (to thumper), "anyone not french"
inky says, "first die, not counting me"
inky rolls a pair of dice on the floor. the red one comes up 6, and the green one comes up 1.
inky watches the dice.
maga_dogg says, "no, just pickin' turnips is what peasants do"
floyd | inky votes to lynch thrax.
thrax says, "um, no."
parsergirl says, "hmm"
maga_dogg says, "may as well..."
floyd | boingball votes to lynch maga_dogg.
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch thrax.
maga_dogg asks (of bb), "any reason?"
brenbarn says, "hmmm."
boingball says, "you were being a bit too i'm-a-villagery again"
maga_dogg says (to boing), "just lamenting my crappy boring lot."
maga_dogg sulks
thumper asks, "who was the wolf in last game?"
floyd | parsergirl votes to lynch thrax.
maga_dogg says, "me, emily"
brenbarn says (to maga), "the yourself has better things to do than emily"
floyd | thumper votes to lynch maga_dogg.
maga_dogg asks (of bren), "?"
thumper says (to maga_dogg), "default inform response."
parsergirl says (to maga), ">me, emily"
brenbarn says, "never mind."
jwalrus says (to brenbarn), "you'd better be glad she's not here to hear you slander her that way"
maga_dogg says (to pg), "ah, right"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "i definitely am glad."
lennier wonders, if 'to emily' were a verb, what it would mean.
maga_dogg asks, "how'dya get floyd to read off votes?"
boingball says, "eat cheese"
parsergirl asks, "consume cheese?"
thumper says (to maga_dogg), "wf who"
jwalrus says (to maga), "wf who"
thrax says (to lennier), "to write extremely complex games very quickly."
thumper asks, "what does emily to do people who slander her?"
lennier asks, "turns them into statues?"
maga_dogg says (to thumper), "kill 'em"
thrax says (to thumper), "turn them into cheese."
lennier asks, "you think galatea was *programmed*?"
brenbarn says, "summons cheese demons"
inky says, "narrows her eyes at them"
boingball says (to inky), "yikes"
thumper says (to lennier), "yay."
maga_dogg says, "although, since i've just sent in some bug problems with pytho... i'm afraid"
brenbarn says, "when my markov chain indicated she wrote comp00ter game, she wept."
jwalrus says (to thrax), "no, for emily that would be a *good* thing"
inky says (to jw), "not for the people, though"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "yes, but not for the cheese"
inky says, "hmm"
jwalrus says, "wow, i have five copies of werewolf.inf on my hd"
thrax says (to jwalrus), "good for *her*, but not for you."
inky says, "unless they were ascending to a higher state"
maga_dogg says (to jwalrus), "suspicious behavior. harbouring of werewolves"
boingball says, "we appear to be losing sight of the real issue of lynchin'"
jwalrus says (to maga), "then lynch me"
maga_dogg says, "yes. not me."
floyd | thumper changes vote from maga_dogg to thrax.
