floyd | a new game begins with 7 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 3 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
floyd | lucenttrans, a villager, looks like the result of using a blender in
floyd | entirely the wrong way.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
gunther says, "sigh"
floyd | marvin votes to lynch boingball.
brenbarn says, "hmm"
lucenttrans has been ridded of the crystals of life...
gunther says, "..."
floyd | boingball votes to lynch marvin.
brenbarn asks, "what logic is this?"
gunther asks, "..?"
weirdbeard asks (of marvin), "reason?"
boingball says, "marvin always jumps on me"
marvin says, "no reason."
brenbarn says (to boing), "tsd"
gunther says, "'jumps', eh? so he must be a wolf"
brenbarn says, "white wolves can't jump"
gunther says, "har"
new default channel: games/board/scrabble
brenbarn asks, "so, uh, no ideas?"
marvin says, "none here."
gunther says, "not me"
bishop asks (of bb), "not really. anyone up for a lively round of iias?"
brenbarn says, "i suppose so"
gunther says, "i know it wasn't me is all"
boingball says, "if we must"
brenbarn says, "if i am seer, i identified lt"
boingball asks, "as what?"
marvin says, "if i am a seer, gunther's a wolf."
bishop says, "iias, marvin is a village person."
brenbarn says (to boing), "villager."
boingball says, "iias, gunther is innocent"
weirdbeard says (to marvin), "if you are seer, your vote doesn't match."
brenbarn says, "oho"
brenbarn asks, "hedging your bets, eh?"
marvin says (to weirdbeard), "this is true."
boingball says, "it's just because marvin hates me generally"
floyd | weirdbeard votes to lynch marvin.
brenbarn says, "i think marvin's behavior is suspicious"
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | bishop votes to lynch weirdbeard.
marvin asks, "why suspicious?"
gunther says, "sorry, was afk"
marvin asks, "i voted for boingball because, well, why not?"
boingball says, "i'm a villager"
gunther says, "iias, marvin is innocent."
marvin says, "i said if i'm a seer, gunther's a wolf because i'm *not* a seer."
brenbarn says, "because you voted for him irrationally, then failed to make a rational iias statement"
marvin says, "it was not irrational."
marvin says, "it was just pointless."
marvin says, "did it hurt him? no, it did not. did it make any difference to anyone except me, as i am now about to die? no, it did not."
gunther says, "how fatalist"
boingball says (to marvin), "it's got you lynched before, iirc"
marvin says, "it has, yes."
brenbarn says, "i have to go soon"
marvin says, "more than once."
lucenttrans screams like the banshee she now is, "eeeagh!"
marvin says, "oh, hurry up and vote, people."
floyd | marvin changes vote from boingball to weirdbeard.
bishop feel so broke up, he wanna go home.
</bishop> mom ma! pap pap! i and lady employees to play with it together!
gunther says, "if you're a villager, you're helping the wolves with that childish and irrational bullshit"
<bishop> "hey there," poot said to cat. "hi there," cat said to poot. "hi," poot said to cat. "hello," cat said to poot.
bishop arrives, full of fun, but no funk.
bishop says, "did the game punt me? i had a disconnect."
gunther says, "you're still in"
bishop says, "ah, i see nothing's changed."
floyd | gunther votes to lynch marvin.
