floyd | a new game begins with 7 players composed of 1 werewolf, 1 seer, 1
floyd | fool, and 4 villagers.  now it is night; time for the werewolf to
floyd | kill, the seer to identify, the fool to identify and the rest to
floyd | sleep.
maga_dogg arrives, full of funk, but no fun.
floyd | lonecleric, a villager, mutters something about having been detected
floyd | as a b4d mch1n3 before collapsing into a pile of scrap metal.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
maga_dogg says, "did i miss the sta- yes"
brenbarn says, "hmm"
julian says, "ok."
lonecleric says, "yay non-game."
parsergirl says, "bad lonecleric. no oil."
julian says, "a fool, a seer, a wolf, and villagers.  i'm not the wolf.  (i'll be right back -- please don't lynch me.)"
schep says, "okay, so."
schep says, "iias, parsergirl is innocent."
parsergirl votes to lynch julian (not really).
brenbarn says, "iias, schep is innocent"
caleb says, "iias, brenbarn is innocent"
parsergirl says, "iias, caleb is a villager"
julian says, "iias, parsergirl is a villager."
brenbarn says, "hmmm"
julian asks, "the fool is totally random, right?  so the fool can see a villager who actually is a villager?"
brenbarn says, "yes"
schep says, "yup"
julian says, "ok."
brenbarn says, "but not random if fool picks on another fool or a seer"
julian asks, "can the fool identify the same person twice and get two different answers?"
schep says, "not sure"
brenbarn says, "yes"
julian says, "huh."
brenbarn says, "that will tip you off that you're a fool"
parsergirl says, "every parents' worst nightmare."
brenbarn says, "but of course you waste a night, and it's not guaranteed that your ids will be different"
julian says, "indeed."
schep says, "if you want to waste an id checking someone twice, that is. right."
brenbarn sings, "making an identification, checkin' it twice, gonna find out who's foolish at night. . ."
julian says, "5 people used iias.  i bet that at least parsergirl is just muddying the waters."
brenbarn says (to julian), "and yet you exonerated her"
reillyb says, "hmmm"
julian says (to brenbarn), "muddying the waters is not necessarily a bad thing =)"
caleb says, "hmm"
julian shrugs.
parsergirl asks, "who peed in the village well?"
julian says, "hee."
reillyb reillyb wonders if julian is being overzealous
brenbarn asks, "as in whose peeing was skilful?"
julian asks, "i know that i'm not a wolf.  i bet that schep isn't.  could be caleb and brenbarn?"
brenbarn asks, "where do you come up with these ideas?"
caleb says, "i'm not"
julian says, "or maybe reillyb is just trying to get me lynched after being very quiet."
julian says (to brenbarn), "you two also iias'd."
brenbarn says, "everyone did, except reillyb"
brenbarn says, "and he's new"
parsergirl asks, "ok, random vote?"
julian says, "oh, right."
caleb says, "i might have mistaken the use of iias.  sorry if i messed something up"
parsergirl says (to caleb), "nah"
maga_dogg has had his fill of playing for now, and goes back to the lounge.
julian says (to caleb), "iias stands for if i am a seer"
schep says (to caleb), "it looked fine."
brenbarn says (to caleb), "you did fine -- just don't give too much away now!"
julian shrugs again.
lonecleric says, "hmmpf, won't have time for one after that."
floyd | julian votes to lynch reillyb.
lonecleric has had his fill of playing for now, and goes back to the lounge.
schep says, "he hasn't given anything away. he could be a confused villager, or a very good seer. or of course, a sneaky wolf."
floyd | parsergirl votes to lynch julian.
floyd | reillyb votes to lynch julian.
brenbarn says, "hmm"
floyd | caleb votes to lynch julian.
julian says (to pg), "i'm *not* the wolf."
schep says, "hmm."
brenbarn says, "julian is very jumpy, but always is"
julian asks, "darnit, i'm either the seer or the fool, ok?"
reillyb says, "let's hear that point now <g>"
schep says, "eep."
floyd | parsergirl retracts a vote for julian.
floyd | caleb retracts a vote for julian.
julian says, "i bet that the wolf is either caleb or reillyb, now.  anyone else could've just killed me."
julian says, "huh, nevermind."
brenbarn asks, "hmm, ok, what did you see?"
floyd | reillyb retracts a vote for julian.
julian says, "i saw pg as a villager."
parsergirl says, "this is true."
parsergirl says, "whether random or not"
parsergirl says, "but she could be trying to butter me up"
julian shrugs.
schep says, "(he)"
parsergirl says, "oops"
brenbarn says, "hmm, it's still possible that julian could be a wolf"
parsergirl says, ">identify gender"
brenbarn asks, "where's that crystal ball?"
schep says, "still not too much info. but better than nothing."
caleb says, "i'm not sure what i did to make myself look like a wolf to julian"
floyd | schep votes to lynch caleb.
julian says, "i suppose that i could quote myself from last game and say that i'd been a wolf the two previous games, i'm *not* a wolf now... but i'm really not."
julian asks (of schep), "why?"
schep says (to caleb), "he's saying the people who didn't vote for him are likely innocent."
brenbarn says, "well that's helpful, considering it was meaningless then"
julian nods.
schep says (to julian), "i don't really know."
brenbarn says, "i think caleb is as likely as any"
caleb says (to schep), "i voted for him because i couldn't follow his logic, and it seemed like it was designed to confuse"
julian says, "ok."
julian asks, "how about reillyb, though?"
brenbarn asks, "how about him?"
schep says, "i believe julian, since in the next round the total count of seers/fools will come out right."
reillyb asks, "what about me?"
julian says, "he jumped on the bandwagon, he jumped off it only after he realized that this was incriminating."
brenbarn says, "hrm"
schep says, "well, it's still a viable strategy to claim to be seer or fool, but difficult."
julian says, "caleb, otoh, retracted quick."
brenbarn says, "i don't think it"
schep says, "not that julian had much choice at that point, if he were a wolf."
julian says, "and since i doubt that pg is the wolf, it's probably either caleb or reillyb, since anyone else could've ended it right there."
brenbarn says, "er, it's very helpful to go just on the basis of how quickly people voted or didn't, etc."
brenbarn says, "(i don't think it is.  that was a continuation of the other statement)"
julian says, "sigh, i know.  and the whole bandwagon argument is silly here in the first round anyway."
brenbarn says, "people are often doing stuff in other windows, lagging, whatever"
floyd | parsergirl votes to lynch caleb.
julian says, "well, by speed i mean in relation to other game actions."
julian says, "caleb retracted probably before he realized that pg did."
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch caleb.
caleb says, "vote for me, but my death will exonerate me.  i claim my vote for julian came from fear and newness for the game"
brenbarn says, "no real knowledge, but i have my reasons, i guess"
caleb says, "er, to"
parsergirl says, "wolves always make typos from their thick hairy pawz"
schep says (to caleb), "sure."
julian says (to caleb), "vote for reillyb."
brenbarn says (to pg), "hee"
maga_dogg arrives, full of neither funk nor fun.
schep says, "er, sincere."
brenbarn asks (of reillyb), "what do you think?"
reillyb says, "hmmm"
caleb exclaims (at pg), "hey, you were right when you called me a villager!"
reillyb says, "here goes..."
floyd | reillyb votes to lynch caleb.
