floyd | a new game begins with 5 players composed of 1 werewolf, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 2 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolf to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
floyd | no one died the previous night.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
schep says, "yay"
thumper says, "yay."
jwalrus says, "fsck this, i'm a sodding villager again"
jwalrus says, "but yay"
doe says, "that's rare"
brenbarn says, "hooray"
schep says, "well, it was 1 in 5. or 1 in 4, depending."
jwalrus says, "three chances out of five to be special"
doe says, "true"
jwalrus says, "but, i didn't get lynched last game!"
doe says, "afk for a cig break, back quick"
jwalrus says, "let's lynch her while she's not looking"
thumper asks, "mm, should we do the 'if i were a seer ... ' thing?"
brenbarn says, "she could be seer"
jwalrus says, "if i were a seer i'd live in a big house and have a dog called spot"
doe says, "bak"
doe exclaims (at jwalrus), "hey!"
schep says, "if i am a seer then doe is not a wolf."
thumper says (to doe), "that was quick."
doe says (to thumper), "well i know you guys are waiting normally i take a lot longer"
thumper says, "if i am a seer then schep is not a wolf."
jwalrus says, "if i am seer i know who is baner but am not sure if i should say."
brenbarn says, "if am a seer then you should not lynch me"
doe says, "if i am a seer toss me a silver coin"
schep says (to jwalrus), "um, that's not useful."
jwalrus says (to okb), "you missed a great crazy game a while ago"
schep says, "hence the s/villager/not wolf/ wording."
brenbarn says (to jwal), "rats."
jwalrus says (to schep), "true. i'm not a seer, so i'm not thinking about it very carefully."
thumper asks, "so, um, who to vote?"
jwalrus says, "not me. i'm fed up of being lynched."
brenbarn says, "jwal -- timing"
jwalrus asks, "also, when we lynch people, how do we kill them?"
schep says, "noose"
doe says, "well thumper asked first"
thumper asks (of jwalrus), "there's more than one way?"
brenbarn asks, "?"
floyd | doe votes to lynch thumper.
schep says, "somehow i believe him."
jwalrus says (to thumper), "just because you're used to using your terrible fangs"
schep asks, "he asked what?"
doe says (to schep), "who should we lynch"
schep says, "enh."
floyd | thumper votes to lynch doe.
floyd | schep votes to lynch brenbarn.
doe says, "not again, lol"
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch schep.
schep says (to brenbarn), "you've been quiet."
brenbarn says, "hmm, if we guess wrong and wolf guesses right, we still have one more day."
doe says (to schep), "yeah he has"
floyd | doe changes vote from thumper to brenbarn.
brenbarn says, "don't kill me"
brenbarn says, "i am baner"
floyd | thumper changes vote from doe to brenbarn.
