floyd | a new game begins with 6 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 2 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
ander arrives, full of neither funk nor fun.
floyd | no one died the previous night.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
brenbarn says, "yay baner"
skip says, "yay baner!"
bishop says (to ander), "for running commentary by the dead, such as it is, you might want to @joinc #wolf-watchers"
boingball says, "woo"
lucenttrans says, "yay baner."
skip says, "those who are still alive, mute wolf-watchers"
bishop says, "go us."
ander says, "thanks."
skip asks, "iiats?"
bishop says (to skip), "if we must."
boingball says (to skip), "we all are"
lucenttrans asks, "iiats?"
skip asks (of boingball), "we all are what?"
boingball says, "alive"
bishop says (to lt), "if i am the seer..."
skip says (to boingball), "yeah, i knew that."
lucenttrans says, "oh. only familiar with iias."
skip says, "fuck 'if'. i'm the seer, brenbarn's a wolf."
bishop says, "toyshop needs an alex gateway. i mean, we can page, but that won't talk to everyone."
boingball says (to skip), "all righty"
brenbarn says, "if i am the seer, bishop is innocent"
brenbarn says, "hey!"
floyd | skip votes to lynch brenbarn.
floyd | boingball votes to lynch brenbarn.
lucenttrans says, "if i'm the seer, boingball is innocent."
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch skip.
bishop says, "iias, skip is innocent."
floyd | lucenttrans votes to lynch bishop.
boingball says, "if i'm seer, bishop is innocent"
skip asks (of lt), "why bishop?"
brenbarn says, "whoa, off to a wacky start"
lucenttrans says, "because nobody's voted for bishop yet."
floyd | bishop votes to lynch brenbarn.
boingball asks (of skip), "you are directly calling seer, yes?"
skip says (to boingball), "yes."
lucenttrans says, "i don't want to kill the seer or the baner or a villager or any other helpful folk."
skip says, "hoping baner will protect me. if necessary."
skip says (to lt), "just vote brenbarn."
boingball says, "okay, we might as well go for bren"
skip says, "trust me."
floyd | weirdbeard votes to lynch brenbarn.
