floyd | a new game begins with 8 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | fool, 1 wolfsbane carrier, and 3 villagers.  now it is night; time for
floyd | the werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the fool to identify,
floyd | the wolfsbane carrier to protect and the rest to sleep.
floyd | no one died the previous night.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
brenbarn says, "yay!"
caleb says, "yay"
maga_dogg exclaims, "yay!"
ghogg says, "w00t."
julian exclaims, "yay!"
bishop exclaims, "yay!"
marvin exclaims, "woo!"
julian asks, "this means that the baner definitely saved someone, right?"
marvin says, "almost certainly."
julian says, "hm, ok."
brenbarn says, "i don't put much stock in that 'wolf sleep' theory"
bishop asks, "is there any other way for someone to not die?"
maga_dogg says, "nope"
maga_dogg says (to bishop), "apart from wolf-sleep"
caleb says, "but, we were just talking about that strategy..."
bishop asks, "ok, so a round of iias to get things going?"
julian says, "iias, bishop is a ringwraith."
brenbarn says, "sure"
bishop says (to julian), "heh."
julian says, "this is just so that, in case i die somehow a seer, everyone will kill you, bishop =)"
marvin says (to julian), "see, now, if you turn out to actually *be* the seer, people will not be happy."
maga_dogg says, "iias, brenbarn is innocent"
julian says, "no, i was joking."
reillyb says, "iias julian is innocent"
caleb says, "iias, julian is innocent"
brenbarn says, "if i'm seer, ghogg is innocent"
marvin exclaims, "iias bishop is a big hairy wolf. wolf! wolf!"
bishop says, "iias, caleb is innocent."
bishop says (to marvin), "i love you too."
julian says, "wolf!  wolf!  wol... oh, that's a movie."
<lionheart> "either you accept our offer of a carpet of gold, or we bury you under a carpet of bombs." -- direct quote from us/taliban oil negotiations, according to "bin laden: the forbidden truth"
julian says, "iias, marvin is seer."
brenbarn says, "uh"
bishop says, "hmm, does the fool ever identify anyone as a seer? thatg'd be a tipoff."
caleb asks, "ok, so does that mean julian is not a seer?"
brenbarn says (to bishop), "if the fool points at another fool, he sees them as a seer"
maga_dogg says, "mmf. mind if i afk to get a sandwich? this is hungry work"
julian says, "i'm totally lying, which is bad for my side, so i'll stop."
brenbarn says (to caleb), "i think so"
brenbarn asks (of julian), "can't you just make a normal iias instead of going all haywire?"
caleb says, "hmm"
brenbarn says, "too late now"
julian says, "iias, brenbarn is a villager."
bishop says (to julian), "well, yes, but at least they're obvious lies. unlike marvin's evil seditious lies."
</gunther> underneath the uniform we're all the same
<gunther> register to win an endless, massive hosing of spam from which there can be no escape!
brenbarn says, "heh"
julian says, "oh, i should probably say 'innocent' instead of villager, lest i give the wolves ammunition."
brenbarn says, "forget it"
julian shrugs.
brenbarn says, "ok, so me, julian, ghogg, and caleb have been tentatively exonerated"
julian asks, "how, exonerated?"
bishop says, "iias, julian is kaiser soze."
caleb says, "hee"
brenbarn says, "bishop was half-fingered by marvin and marvin and i were babbled about by julian"
brenbarn says (to bishop), "yay"
brenbarn says (to julian), "i mean that someone said 'iias, then x is innocent'"
julian says, "ah."
maga_dogg returns. mmm, sandwich
julian asks, "does anyone have suspicions?"
bishop says, "i suspect marvin on principle."
maga_dogg recaps. "wait, we have exonerations already? oh, right, bren's just off on a mighty hypothesis"
brenbarn says, "that leaves maga, and reillyb unspoken-of"
marvin asks (of bishop), "why?"
brenbarn says (to maga), "i'm just recapping the iias"
bishop says (to marvin), "you accused me."
reillyb says, "but i have spoken"
marvin says (to bishop), "well, it's always possible that i had a good reason."
maga_dogg says (to bren), "yeah, but it only makes the probability minisculely higher at this stage. and a good wolf'd try to emphasize that"
bishop says (to marvin), "not from my viewpoint, it's not."
julian says, "likewise, it's possible that i really am herr soze."
marvin asks (of bishop), "why? what if i'm a fool?"
ghogg asks, "who are the two supposed seers?"
marvin says, "what if you *are* a wolf."
ghogg asks, "marvin and brenbarn?"
bishop says (to julian), "in which case, hell with the wolves, you'll kill us all."
julian says (to ghogg), "we're not at that stage yet."
julian says (to bishop), "hee."
marvin asks, "what if i said it because when people find out i'm not the seer, it won't matter?"
brenbarn says, "nobody knows who the seers are"
julian says (to ghogg), "unless you're a wolf, don't seek the seer."
bishop says (to marvin), "those are all possibilities, from others' perspectives. i know the truth, and you think you know the truth."
marvin says (to bishop), "ah."
marvin says (to bishop), "i think that's suspiscious myself."
marvin says, "or a word somewhat similar to that one."
maga_dogg says (to bishop), "playing wolf is an excellent way to develop solipsism"
julian asks, "does anyone want go rabid?"
caleb says, "bishop was right about me being innocent, for what it's worth"
brenbarn afk
bishop says (to marvin), "you're welcome to think so. i react to suspicion. if that makes you suspicious, so be it."
marvin dances round in a circle shouting, "wolf! wolf! wolf! bishop! bishop! bishop!"
floyd | julian votes to lynch marvin.
bishop says (to marvin), "see, i think that's suspicious."
floyd | bishop votes to lynch marvin.
ghogg asks, "hm. fool is completely random? they aren't assured to get wrong or right?"
floyd | julian retracts a vote for marvin.
julian says, "sorry, let's wait for brenbarn"
marvin says, "i think everyone agrees with you."
maga_dogg says, "hmm. jokes aside, bishop seems awfully certain for the first round..."
reillyb says (to ghogg), "correct"
brenbarn says, "back"
ghogg says, "gaah."
floyd | julian votes to lynch marvin.
bishop says (to maga_dogg), "actually, i'm just being defensive."
julian says, "ok."
maga_dogg says, "but i think this devolves to randomness"
marvin says, "hey, it's not like i'm voting for him."
bishop says (to maga_dogg), "i know no more about marvin than the rest of you."
brenbarn says (to ghogg), "if the person the fool picks is neither a fool nor a seer, the role the fool sees is chosen randomly from all roles in the game except fool and seer"
marvin says, "notice that? if i thought bishop was the wolf, or wanted people to think i thought that, i'd vote for him."
bishop asks (of marvin), "academically, if you're so certain, _why_ aren't you voting for me?"
marvin says, "i *don't* think you're the wolf."
bishop says, "timing."
floyd | julian retracts a vote for marvin.
bishop says (to marvin), "you've been awfully loud about it."
floyd | bishop retracts a vote for marvin.
brenbarn asks, "what are you on about?"
marvin says, "well, i'm bored. nothing's happening."
ghogg is confused
julian says (to brenbarn), "scroll up to about marvin's wolf wolf wolf bishop bishop bishop."
bishop says, "ok, back where we started, but with higher tensions."
maga_dogg says, "hrmf"
marvin says, "i apologize for my silliness."
julian says (to marvin), "it's ok.  i've gotten lynched for it too."
julian asks (of marvin), "btw, last game, did you id me as wolf?"
brenbarn asks, "so does anybody have any ideas?"
marvin says (to julian), "no."
julian shrugs.
bishop says, "well, somebody should say something..."
maga_dogg gets out his dice of doom
julian says, "i suspect that me, brenbarn, bishop, and marvin are all innocent, on no great reason."
julian asks, "does anyone have suspicions, anti-suspicions?  what are the odds we'll have if everyone comes out?"
julian says, "everyone, that is, except for the wolves =)"
marvin says, "well, if the wolves... damn."
maga_dogg says (to julian), "bad"
julian asks (of maga), "how bad?"
ghogg says, "well, brenbarn said i'm innocent, but if he ided me as baner, he's fool, because i'm villager."
new default channel: if/comps/introcomp
maga_dogg says, "baner, fool, seer... then they die very quickly, just for a one-in-five chance"
brenbarn says, "we're getting nowhere"
julian says, "um, yeah."
ghogg asks (of brenbarn), "did you identify me as villager or baner?"
maga_dogg says, "if the seer got a non-baner non-fool, then it's one in four, i guess"
julian says, "reillyb and caleb and ghogg are all quiet."
caleb says, "quiet, yes, but innocent"
brenbarn says (to ghogg), "i just said you're innocent"
julian says, "and unless ghogg is a newbie, he's definitely a wolf."
brenbarn asks, "what?"
maga_dogg asks (of julian), "wtf?"
bishop says (to julian), "i do not see the logic therein."
julian asks, "who else would try to expose the seer so early?"
ghogg says, "because if marvin is the seer, bishop is a wolf, and we can move on"
reillyb says, "there was a long list of iiass"
julian asks (of reillyb), "part of that is cover for the seer, no?"
brenbarn says, "let's not get hasty"
brenbarn says, "heck we could always just lynch bishop anyway"
reillyb says, "yes.  and part of it is the wolves"
bishop says (to brenbarn), "you could, but you won't (i hope)."
ghogg says, "ah, heck. i'm going to go over to whizzard's game now. go ahead and lynch me"
</marvin> what *is* your fascination with my forbidden closet of mystery?
<marvin> and let's not forget i'm wearing a rotting finger around my neck.
julian says, "nobody iias'd a wolf, i thought, and if someone did it's likely that he'd be more open about it."
<jarb> jarb hypnotizes everyone on the mud and everything that happens from now until he leaves is only at the direct request of his invisible monkey.
marvin asks, "what's going on?"
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch ghogg.
julian says, "i mean, 7-to-1 is good odds."
floyd | ghogg votes to lynch ghogg.
brenbarn says (to julian), "marvin iiased bishop as a wolf"
marvin asks, "my connection dropped, what did i miss?"
brenbarn says, "what?  oh, ghogg's leaving"
floyd | caleb votes to lynch ghogg.
brenbarn says, "whatever, i guess"
julian says, "oh, he is."
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch ghogg.
marvin says, "aww, man."
floyd | julian votes to lynch ghogg.
