floyd | a new game begins with 9 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, and
floyd | 6 villagers.  now it is night; time for the werewolves to kill, the
floyd | seer to identify and the rest to sleep.
parsergirl says, "point josh_g"
parsergirl says, "er"
esrom says, "oops."
brenbarn chuckles in his sleep.
parsergirl snores
josh_g says (to pg), "nice try, wolfie"
josh_g goes to sleep
floyd | parsergirl, a villager, looks like the result of using a blender in
floyd | entirely the wrong way.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
inky laughs.
ellison says, "doh"
schep says, "ha ha."
parsergirl says, "woah.  that backfired."
ender says, "that was... odd."
brenbarn laughs.  "weird."
schep says, "neat. illegal, but neat."
ellison asks, "do we have a baner this time?"
parsergirl crumbles to dust.
parsergirl goes home.
</parsergirl> "we don't put giant toilets on our stage and we got it going on."
schep says, "no."
ender says, "no"
<steve> "i encountered the basic product name -- 'corned mutton' -- and, zooming in closer still, discovered the fine print: 'with juices added.'  by this point i was pretty intrigued.  then i noticed the sheep."
ellison asks, "what's neat?"
inky says, "hmm"
esrom says (to ellison), "npo. the game began before i could add one."
inky says, "now we disco, i guess"
schep says, "so, brenbarn and ellison reacted kind of suspiciously to all that."
inky says, "i vote for the shiny disco ball"
schep says, "but maybe they were just confused."
josh_g says, "burn baby burn, disco inferno"
ender says (to floyd), "vote shiny disco ball"
brenbarn votes to lynch all disco.
inky says, "anyway"
ellison says, "i was confused, but i'm all for lynching brenbarn...  i mean, hey, he's not me"
brenbarn says, "all right, i suspect inky for bringing up disco."
inky laughs.
josh_g says (to ellison), "hee hee"
inky says, "and i suspect brenbarn for voting against it"
brenbarn says (to ellison), "yeah, well, i am rubber, you are glue.  and i'm no wolf."
schep says, "pff"
floyd | schep votes to lynch brenbarn.
brenbarn says, "yay pf"
josh_g says, "there's only one way to be sure - time to inspect them both for platform shoes"
inky laughs.
floyd | ellison votes to lynch brenbarn.
brenbarn exclaims, "i'm innocent!"
inky says, "um, ok."
floyd | inky votes to lynch brenbarn.
schep says (to brenbarn), "no, that was an 'i'm going to lynch you now' pff."
ellison says, "innocent like a fox!  i mean, wolf"
josh_g says, "claims of innocence!  a sure sign of guilt"
ellison says (to josh), "hee"
brenbarn exclaims, "oh, you're making a big mistake!"
floyd | ender votes to lynch brenbarn.
inky says, "only a wolf would claim to be a villager!"
schep says, "not big, really."
floyd | josh_g votes to lynch brenbarn.
