floyd | a new game begins with 6 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 2 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
floyd | maga_dogg, a seer, doesn't wake up today.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
jwalrus says, "oh bugger"
maga_dogg calls seer... fuck.
thrax says, "damn"
brenbarn says, "eeeagh"
ryan says, "eeeagh!"
thumper says, "gah."
thrax says, "only one shot."
ryan says, "straight from the hip."
jwalrus says, "unless the wolves try to kill the baner tonight"
thumper says (to thrax), "if the baner can guess right, then we get one more shot."
brenbarn says (to thrax), "unless baner -- yeah."
thumper says, "timing."
</boingball> good night... if you can.
thrax says, "true."
jwalrus says, "or whoever baner protects, yeah"
brenbarn says, "timi -- timing"
maga_dogg rots peacefully
</valancy> ever elusive, she masterfully plays her final card when you least expect it.
jwalrus says, "so, five of us, two wolves and one baner"
thrax says (to maga), "that's a rotten thing to say."
thumper says, "well, the baner might as well speak up so that we can eliminate one person from the voting."
maga_dogg slaps his thigh. it falls off.
thumper says, "improve our odds."
(from maga_dogg) all five players call baner at once
brenbarn says, "but if baner speaks up, he'd better protect himself, which means wolves can have a sure kill."
thrax says, "right--baner doesn't necessarily protect himself."
ryan says, "i will only say this: never go up against a sicilian when death is on the line! ahahahahaha! ahahahahaha! ahahahahahahaha-"
ryan dies.
brenbarn says (to ryan), "yay"
thumper says, "my solution to this problem is to have baner flip a coin to decide between protecting himself and protecting another person."
brenbarn says, "leaving wolves guessing?  hmmm, yeah."
jwalrus says, "baner can do whatever he likes at night, but loses nothing by coming out now"
thumper says, "this way other people can still get benefit of protection, but wolves figure it's too risky to kill him."
brenbarn says, "okay, i am baner."
thumper asks, "any other baner claimers?"
jwalrus says, "ok, down to four"
jwalrus says, "of whom two are wolves"
thumper says, "okay, i'll follow whatever brenbarn votes."
maga_dogg knows a villager, so finds this quite interesting
brenbarn says (to thumper), "even if i vote you :-)"
jwalrus says (to thumper), "why? he knows no more than the - oh, but i suppose he's not a wolf"
thumper says (to jwalrus), "right."
thumper says (to brenbarn), "that'd be a tough one."
jwalrus says, "so, we must all convince brenbarn of our innocence"
jwalrus says, "which i myself have in spades, btw"
brenbarn sits in judgement.
thrax smiles beatifically at brenbarn.
thumper asks (of jwalrus), "spades?"
ryan says (to brenbarn), "i've never been swindled and i think all people are basically good, kind folks. also, i think politicians are honest."
jwalrus says, "i've been a villager every game so far, and damn maga hasn't been one once."
ryan smiles benignly.
thumper asks (of ryan), "why, is brenbarn a politician?"
brenbarn says (to ryan), "but you are sicilian, and death is on the line."
ryan says (to thumper), "no, i'm innocent."
jwalrus says (to thumper), "large quantities, then, if your prefer literalness"
maga_dogg asks (of jw), "kicks ass, n'est-ce pas?"
brenbarn says, "and all his chatter about 'it sucks to be a villager' -- pah"
jwalrus says, "let's lynch the bastard"
brenbarn says, "he's already dead."
jwalrus knows.
thumper says, "so, um..."
floyd | ryan votes to lynch thumper.
thrax asks (of ryan), "why?"
maga_dogg has had his fill of playing for now, and goes back to the lounge.
jwalrus says, "ok, i'm beginning to !suspect thumper"
ryan says, "thumper was the last one to mourn the loss of our seer when, upon awakening, we discovered his torn, grisly corpse!"
brenbarn asks, "!suspect meaning not suspect?"
jwalrus says (to okb), "that's the bunny"
jwalrus says, "thumper, see, it all makes sense"
thumper asks, "rabbit?"
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch thrax.
brenbarn says, "yeah, i feel sort of the same way. . ."
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch thrax.
thrax asks, "okay, why?"
jwalrus says (to thrax), "because i don't suspect any of the others"
jwalrus says, "although one of them must be a wolf"
brenbarn says (to thrax), "yeah.  i don't know, i sort of feel like, if there are two wolves, you seem most likely to be one of them."
brenbarn says, "i don't know why, though."
thumper says, "well, the baner has spoken, i guess."
floyd | thumper votes to lynch thrax.
