floyd | a new game begins with 5 players composed of 1 werewolf, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, 1 mafia, and 1 villager.  now it is night; time for
floyd | the werewolf to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect, the mafia to kill and the rest to sleep.
ctate says (to marvin), "no, 5 people"
switchblade says, "it worked!\"
boingball says (to sb), "cool"
brenbarn says (to sb), "good"
boingball says, "my theory is proven! sweet sweet credibility"
brenbarn says, "but that's still some kind of bug"
switchblade says, "yeah"
switchblade asks, "so i type the appropriate command for my identity?"
boingball says, "most of the verbs can probably be turned off anyway"
boingball says (to sb), "yes"
brenbarn says, "yeah"
ctate says (to sb), "right, via 'wf'"
switchblade says, "he's avoiding my statements"
brenbarn asks, "?"
switchblade says, "i get 'but the game has already begun"
ctate says, "oh, that's bizarre."
switchblade says, "wait, nothing"
switchblade says, "i think floyd hates me"
brenbarn asks, "are you sure you gave the right, command?"
brenbarn says, "s/,//"
boingball says, "that's the response to 'begin'"
brenbarn says, "oh, i think that happens if you just do 'kill' with no name"
brenbarn says, "or protect or whatever"
floyd | brenbarn, a mafia, doesn't wake up today.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
switchblade says, "i get it"
brenbarn says, "hey!"
brenbarn says, "my kill didn't take effect"
ctate says, "woo, safety"
brenbarn asks, "or wait -- is there a pecking order?"
boingball says, "i'm baner, by the way"
ctate says (to brenbarn), "because you were killed first?  interesting."
brenbarn says (to ctate), "that's what i'm wondering"
boingball says, "and i don't care who the seer is, i'm only protecting *me*"
ctate laughs.
brenbarn says, "uh-oh, there's potential for stalemate here"
brenbarn realizes he is dead and shuts up.
switchblade asks, "so what do we do know?"
ctate says, "we decide whom to lynch."
boingball says, "me and marvin vote each other"
switchblade says, "ok"
floyd | switchblade votes to lynch marvin.
switchblade says, "no i don't"
ctate says, "you can 'wf unvote'"
floyd | switchblade retracts a vote for marvin.
marvin exclaims (at switchbarn), "hey!"
floyd | marvin votes to lynch switchblade.
floyd | boingball votes to lynch marvin.
marvin says, "damn lag."
ctate asks (of boing), "uh, why marvin?"
boingball says, "tradition"
ctate laughs.
floyd | switchblade votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | switchblade retracts a vote for marvin.
floyd | boingball changes vote from marvin to marvin.
floyd | boingball retracts a vote for marvin.
ctate says, "heh"
floyd | switchblade votes to lynch boingball.
ctate says, "i'm getting dizzy :)"
marvin asks (of ctate), "what are you?"
marvin asks (of switchblads), "and what are you?"
switchblade says, "seer"
switchblade says, "but not a good one"
floyd | marvin changes vote from switchblade to ctate.
floyd | boingball votes to lynch ctate.
ctate says, "villager"
marvin says, "get ctate, it's him. i'm a villager."
marvin says, "he isn't."
ctate says, "uh"
switchblade says, "righjt"
floyd | ctate votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | switchblade changes vote from boingball to ctate.
