floyd | a new game begins with 9 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 2
floyd | fools, 1 wolfsbane carrier, 1 devil, and 2 villagers.  now it is
floyd | night; time for the werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the
floyd | fools to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to protect, the devil to
floyd | identify and the rest to sleep.
hloif says (to ellison), "werewolf is always wacky on ifmud."
lno says, "i'm also drunk and tired"
lno says, "so i'm a wolf"
lno says, "wait, too early to say that"
lno lags.
lno says, "jeeees i lagged"
brenbarn says, "whoa, substantial lag here too"
floyd | hloif, a devil, wakes missing a few vital organs.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
brenbarn says, "yay no devil"
rob says, "yay"
thumper says, "yay"
lurd says, "i am one of only two villagers"
lonecleric exclaims, "whoohoo!"
ellison says, "sorry, hloif...  but satan begone"
andyf says, "woo."
(from hloif) if hloif were alive, he'd be glad he was dead, because he sucks at playing the devil anyway.
lno says, "yay"
andyf says, "now, let the mob violence begin!"
lno says, "i am the other of two villagers. lagged, but still a villager."
lonecleric asks, "is there some wacky game mechanic since last week?"
brenbarn says, "pshaw"
lonecleric asks, "i mean, some standard way to do stuff i might not know of?"
rob says, "cooter, the village car mechanic"
thumper says, "i'm one of the seeools.  i pointed at ellison, who is not a wolf."
lurd exclaims (at rob), "yay!!!"
lno says, "yeehaw"
ellison says, "my brother is easily bored by peaceful antics, so we should kill somebody (but not me since otherwise he'll lose interest and leave)"
floyd | andyf votes to lynch ellison.
rob says, "ok let's get lurd then"
floyd | andyf retracts a vote for ellison.
floyd | lurd votes to lynch rob.
floyd | ellison votes to lynch andyf.
floyd | rob votes to lynch lurd.
lurd says (to rob), "no cookies for you"
andyf asks, "hmm. why lurd?"
floyd | ellison changes vote from andyf to lurd.
rob says, "because he's a wolf"
floyd | lno votes to lynch lurd.
lonecleric says (to andyf), "he claimed villager."
lurd says, "nuh uh"
lno says, "sure, ok"
brenbarn asks, "what?"
floyd | andyf votes to lynch lurd.
lonecleric says (to andyf), "i'd rather vote for someone who claims villager."
floyd | ellison retracts a vote for lurd.
lno asks (of ellison), "who's yor brother?"
ellison says (to lno), "david blask"
andyf says, "well."
lonecleric says (to andyf), "well, i'd vote for someone who'd claim wolf, but that won't happen."
lurd says, "a lagged villager is a dead villager"
lurd says, "rob is a wolf"
ellison says, "lots o' lag"
ellison says, "sometimes i claim wolf when i'm not...  i'm totally unpredictable"
lno says, "oh, i thought he was online as a player."
rob asks (of lurd), "what do you have to say for yourself, wolf?"
floyd | ellison votes to lynch lurd.
thumper asks, "are other people deciding to claim seeoolishness?"
floyd | lno changes vote from lurd to rob.
floyd | ellison changes vote from lurd to rob.
brenbarn says (to ellison), "by gad, sir"
ellison says, "i'm also a seer"
rob says, "oh sure, believe lurd but not me"
floyd | andyf retracts a vote for lurd.
brenbarn says, "hmm"
lurd says (to rob), "bwa ha ha, the tide is turning robwolf"
andyf says (to lurd), "hang on a sec."
rob says (to lurd), "listen fang-boy, i can defend myself"
</josh_g> most of you are probably wondering what effect all of this exploration will have on the paradigm.  all i can tell you is that the word on the street is an astounding "wow".
andyf says (to lurd), "that was a conveniently timed claim."
<oren> oren has connected to ifmud.
lonecleric asks (of lurd), "why would you accuse rob, though?"
floyd | ellison changes vote from rob to lurd.
thumper asks, "and the third seer?"
lurd challenges rob to a sheep eating contest. i quit at 0. let's see what you can do.
ellison says, "i'm so easily convinced"
lno says, "let's just get a good ol' lynchin' going"
lno says, "much like earlier tonight, when i saw blazing saddles for the first time"
floyd | andyf votes to lynch lurd.
ellison asks, "didn't rob accuse lurd first?"
lurd says (to lc), "because he jumped right on me for no reason"
(from lno) sheriff says, "hey, where's all the white women at?"
rob says (to lurd), "i'm a peaceful vegetarian"
lonecleric asks, "i only saw thumper? who's second seer?"
rob says, "well, ellison wanted some action"
lno says, "wait, i thought thumper said ellison was a villager"
rob says, "and i chose you because of your shifty ways"
ellison says, "i'm a seer, too, and i pity da fool who thinks i'm a fool"
thumper says (to lonercleric), "ellison and i.  i can confirm ellison, as i pointed him last night."
ellison says, "he said i'm not a wolf, which is also true"
lurd says, "i am not shifty. look, i am standing still."
(from andyf) rob says, "also, he stole my cookies!"
lonecleric says, "well, i'm 3rd."
thumper says (to lno), "i said he wasn't a wolf."
brenbarn says, "well, thumper could be a fool"
lonecleric says (to thumper), "i saw you as a fool, though."
lno says (to thumper), "yeah, true. we'll lynch you tomorrow."
ellison says, "we should form a team of superhero seers"
ellison says, "we can be seer and fools inc."
rob asks, "could we all just decide that lurd is a wolf and get things moving?"
andyf says, "wait, someone's lying here."
thumper asks (of lno), "huh?"
lonecleric asks (of thumper), "could you see ell as a fool if you were a fool yourself?"
lno says, "oops, didn't mean to say that out loud."
andyf says, "because i'm a seer/fool/crackhead."
lno says, "well, we need some lynchin'."
floyd | lno changes vote from rob to lurd.
lno says, "that gives lurd an even four of eight"
lurd says (to rob), "if i go, rob must go tomorrow"
rob says, "ok"
rob says, "wolf"
thumper says (to lonecleric), "yes."
brenbarn asks (of thumper), "you can?"
ellison asks, "wait, so who are we going to kill?"
andyf asks, "hmm. is a consensus emerging for lurd?"
lurd says (to rob), "my blood is on your hands, erm paws."
lonecleric says, "so we have 4 claimed seeools."
ellison says, "i'm pretty sure we've narrowed it down to one syllable names"
andyf says (to lc), "yeah."
brenbarn asks, "i thought fool sees other fools as seers?"
andyf says, "one of 'em must be wrong."
andyf says (to bb), "yeah."
ellison asks, "who all claimed seer?"
lonecleric asks, "is there some lying rule about the way fools work, again?"
thumper says (to brenbarn), "they do.  but we have one seer."
rob says, "not i"
ellison says, "oh, i see"
andyf says, "me."
lonecleric says (to ell), "thumper, you, andyf, me."
brenbarn says, "ah"
thumper says (to ellison), "you, i, and lonecleri are the seeools."
brenbarn says, "hmm"
ellison says, "well, i believe thumper...  but he would also know that i'm not a wolf if he's a wolf"
lonecleric asks (of andyf), "well, who did you check?"
thumper asks, "andyf is claiming seerhood also?"
ellison says, "which would be tricky, but thumper's a smart guy..."
andyf says, "i pointed at lno, got 'villager'."
ellison says, "we should start lynching people by their intelligence"
brenbarn asks, "hmm, why are we suspecting lurd again?"
rob says, "because he's a wolf"
lno says (to andyf), "you're a seer. good for you."
lurd says, "cuz rob is shifty"
lonecleric asks (of ell), "could i see him as fool if i was fool, if he's wolf?"
andyf says (to bb), "to give ellison's bro some blood!"
ellison says, "i pointed at lno and got 'villager' too"
ellison says, "so i don't know what that means"
rob says (to lurd), "silence, fuzzball"
floyd | andyf changes vote from lurd to lurd.
thumper says (to lonecleric), "if you're a seer, you'll never identify a wolf as a fool."
floyd | ellison retracts a vote for lurd.
andyf says, "oh, wait."
rob says (to andyf), "change your vote to lurd while you're at it"
ellison asks, "does that mean lno is a wolf?"
lonecleric asks (of thumper), "well, no. i'm asking if i'm a fool?"
lno says, "no"
brenbarn asks (of thumper), "neither will you do so if you're a fool, right?"
lno says, "i'm a frickin' villager"
lurd says (to rob), "i hope you choke on a villager bone tonight"
lno says, "let's lynch somebody"
rob says, "i'd be willing to change to lno, although i have a lot invested in the lurd bandwagon"
(from brenbarn) lno votes to lynch lno
andyf says, "well, i wanted to vote for henry kissinger, but floyd wasn't up for it."
floyd | lno changes vote from lurd to lno.
lno exclaims, "ok!"
lno says (to brenbard), "sigh, lag."
(from brenbarn) brenbard sings a sad ballad of werewolves massacring helpless villagers.
ellison says, "i am so thoroughly confused"
rob asks, "lurd has 2 votes?"
andyf says, "well, chances are good that i'm a fool, but i did see lno as a villager."
andyf says, "so i'm reluctant to vote for him."
floyd | ellison votes to lynch lurd.
ellison says, "my brother, although amused by all of this, now is asking for blood"
brenbarn says, "i don't know who to suspect."
rob says, "suspect lurd"
lurd says, "tis nobler to die an innocent villager than to be a lying wolf, roba"
lurd says, "oops"
brenbarn says (to rob), "i suspect you, actually, because you're so bloodthirsty."
hloif has had his fill of playing for now, and goes back to the lounge.
floyd | lno changes vote from lno to lurd.
thumper says (to ellison), "tonight, point at either lonecleric or andyf."
rob says, "move-the-game-along-thirsty"
thumper says (to ellison), "and thus find which is the liar."
lurd says, "chances are the two wolves have already voted for me. remember that folks"
ellison says (to thumper), "will do"
ellison flashes seer symbols
brenbarn says, "man, floyd is lagging more than i am."
lurd says, "because if they hadn't the last wolf could just jump in and end it"
lurd says (to rob), "i will prove it"
andyf says (to bb), "mmm, blood. oh, wait."
brenbarn asks (of thumper), "so who do you think it is?"
ellison asks, "do fools see other seers as fools?"
lno says, "well, ell, andyf, and i are voting for lurd. i'm villager, and maybe ell and andyf are seeools. or, since they both saw me as a villager, one may lie."
floyd | lurd changes vote from rob to lurd.
