floyd | a new game begins with 6 players composed of 2 werewolves, 2 seers,
floyd | and 2 fools.  now it is night; time for the werewolves to kill, the
floyd | seers to identify, the fools to identify and the rest to sleep.
gunther says (to lonecleric), "seers who misidentify"
hloif asks, "wait, we're playing with two seers, two fools, and two werewolves, right?"
brenbarn says, "yep"
hloif says, "i just wanted to make sure i understood.  cool."
jwalrus asks, "fools always identify seers as fools, right?"
gunther says, "it's night, kids"
brenbarn says, "yes, but they identify non-seers as random roles, including possibly the correct role"
floyd | hloif, a fool, is found as a heap of gnawed bones.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
lpsmith arrives, full of funk, but no fun.
brenbarn says, "hmm"
jwalrus asks, "what do fools identify other fools as?"
floyd | current players (5):
floyd | gunther has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | brenbarn has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | jwalrus has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | boingball has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | lonecleric has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd |
gunther says (to jwalrus), "no idea"
boingball says (to jw), "same, prolly"
brenbarn says, "random, i assume"
boingball says, "or random"
jwalrus says, "random, i guess"
lpsmith asks, "you have more than one fool?"
lpsmith says, "heh."
gunther says (to lpsmith), "2/2/2"
boingball says, "well, not any more"
jwalrus says (to lpsmith), "2 fools, 2 seers, 2 wolves"
jwalrus says, "we're crazy"
boingball says, "now the foolish hloif is dead"
lpsmith says, "that's hilarious."
gunther says (to lpsmith), "yes"
hloif wasn't foolish.
gunther says, "ok, if i'm a seer and not a fool, then brenbarn is a wolf."
boingball says (to gunther), "and if i'm a seer and not a fool, you're a wolf."
jwalrus says, "assuming we believe gunther, that means bren isn't a seer"
brenbarn says, "if i'm a non-foolish seer, jwalrus is a seer."
jwalrus says, "ok, then gunther is a wolf, i think"
brenbarn says, "whoa, this is truly weird"
lpsmith asks, "don't fools id seers as fools?"
jwalrus says (to lps), "yes"
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch gunther.
boingball says, "maybe fools id fools as seers too"
lonecleric says, "gunther isn't saying much."
brenbarn says, "ooh, wait."
gunther says, "aiee, hey"
floyd | boingball votes to lynch gunther.
brenbarn says, "well, i botched this."
jwalrus says (to boing), "that's what i'm not sure about. we'd have to ask thumper to be sure, but i'm guessing it's random"
brenbarn says, "no, wait, i didn't"
jwalrus says, "ok, so wait"
boingball says (to brb), "we'll lynch you anyway"
jwalrus says, "there can only be two fools"
brenbarn asks (of bgb), "why?"
floyd | gunther votes to lynch jwalrus.
brenbarn says (to jwal), "only one, now"
boingball says, "joking, joking"
jwalrus says, "if boing is a seer, gunther is a wolf"
gunther says, "jw is apparently the other wolf"
lonecleric says, "if i'm a seer and not a fool, then gunther's a wolf, too."
jwalrus says, "if i am a seer, gunther is a wolf"
gunther says, "since he tries to discredit me"
jwalrus says, "if lc's a seer, gunther is a wolf"
brenbarn says, "let's try this again: if i am a seer, jwalrus is a fool."
jwalrus says, "if okb's a seer, gunther is a wolf"
boingball says, "sounds like gunther is a wolf"
gunther says, "i'm not a fucking wolf"
brenbarn says, "so you're single"
jwalrus asks (of okb), "what? a moment ago you said i was a seer?"
floyd | gunther changes vote from jwalrus to brenbarn.
brenbarn says (to jwal), "um, well, see, i guess i did botch it -- hey, wait!"
gunther says, "ok, he slipped up again. i don't believe him anymore."
jwalrus says, "i think it's bren and gunther"
floyd | lonecleric votes to lynch gunther.
