waldo | a new game begins with 8 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, and
waldo | 5 villagers.  now it is night; time for the werewolves to kill, the
waldo | seer to identify and the rest to sleep.
rogercarbol says, "yay!  i mean, oh crap!  i mean, la dee dah."
<hugo> hugo has connected to ifmud.
brenbarn says, "(otherwise it's cheating)"
rogercarbol asks, "so if we are a villager, theoretically, we should now sleep ?"
brenbarn says, "yes"
brenbarn says, "by using 'ww sleep'"
rogercarbol says, "zzzzzz"
maga_dogg says, "and everybody must do this before the game can progress"
waldo | ryan, a seer, is discovered lounging by the town gates, behind the
waldo | tavern, in the bushes, across the town square, and at home.
waldo | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
brenbarn says, "argh"
bishop says, "gleep."
brenbarn says, "what a beginning"
boingball says, "argh"
emily says, "well, uh, that bites"
rogercarbol asks, "what happened?"
cube exclaims, "i guess we can assume ryan isn't the wolf!"
boingball asks (of maga), "not so funny now, is it?"
emily says, "the wolves killed ryan"
brenbarn says, "the seer was killed by the werewolves"
bishop says, "not good not good."
rogercarbol says, "ahhh crap."
rogercarbol says, "so we want to lynch someone, eh."
cube asks, "so now we decided who to lynch?"
brenbarn says, "yep"
maga_dogg says (to boingball), "i'm laughing my ass off. at least, i think that's the reason for all the bleeding."
emily says, "i think roger is maintaining an appearance of cluelessness for the purpose of confusing us all."
cube says, "well ... i think that rc was making an awful public pretense of sleeping"
bishop says (to maga_dogg), "hm, you predicted this."
brenbarn says (to emily), "a bold statement"
boingball says (to rogercubeol), "yes"
rogercarbol says, "no no no i'm just a loser."
rogercarbol says, "don't lynch me, lynch hodkins."
maga_dogg says (to bishop), "and of course, this means i must be the seer :)"
bishop asks, "who?"
cube exclaims, "i think he was pretending to be clueless and going through the public motions of sleeping just to confuse us into not realizing he's a wolf!"
cube exclaims, "lynch roger!"
</josh_g> i'll be back with your doom in just a moment.
brenbarn says, "it's a possibility"
rogercarbol says, "you should lynch, uhhh, maga_dogg.  cmon, bishop can vouch for my presence last night."
rogercarbol says, "whoops/."
emily says (to rogercarbol), "woo woo"
brenbarn asks, "presence?"
maga_dogg says (to rc), "that's it, go for the shifty bastard"
rogercarbol says, "damnit, i am not a communist."
bishop says (to rogercarbol), "i felt a presence in the night.... it felt like, um, bedsheets."
boingball says, "hmm hmm"
brenbarn says, "hee hee"
maga_dogg says (to bishop), "said presence is now pressing charges"
brenbarn says, "there is presence here i've not felt since i was in the company of my old master"
rogercarbol asks, "so how do i get to vote for someone who isn't me?"
brenbarn says, "obi-wan kenwolf"
emily says, "trust this crowd to make this all sd suddenly"
bishop exclaims (at maga_dogg), "she said she was 18!"
maga_dogg asks (of brenbarn), "the king wolf, huh?"
brenbarn says, "use 'ww vote <person>'"
cube asks, "so how do we vote for lynching and do the dirty deed?"
waldo | rogercarbol votes to lynch maga_dogg.
waldo | emily votes to lynch rogercarbol.
maga_dogg says (to cube), "'www vote emily'"
brenbarn says, "you can also do 'ww unvote' to retract a vote"
emily says (to maga_dogg), "hey!"
maga_dogg says, "uh, scratch that"
waldo | maga_dogg votes to lynch rogercarbol.
rogercarbol says, "oh, i didn't know those were public."
waldo | cube votes to lynch rogercarbol.
emily says, "i think our enemy is evident here"
rogercarbol says, "stop it."
rogercarbol says, "you're mean."
bishop says (to brenbarn), "hm, didn't know that. i';ve never unvoted."
maga_dogg says, "ww vote rogercarbol is a much improved version"
emily says (to rogercarbol), "you gotta be careful what you start, dood"
rogercarbol asks, "so when i get killed, i can join #wolf-watchers ?"
maga_dogg says, "yep."
brenbarn says, "yeah"
bishop says (to rogercarbol), "yes."
boingball says (to rc), "well, un-mute it"
rogercarbol says, "i am not a werewolf -- i am a free man."
maga_dogg says, "also, there is no reason at all for anything but a random lynch now."
brenbarn says, "also note that you can type 'ww who' to get a list of who's voting for whom"
cube exclaims, "yeah, scaremongering and base suspsicion is all we have to go on!"
maga_dogg says, "unless, e.g., we have genuine clairvoyants here."
bishop says (to maga_dogg), "there's always a reason. vague accusations are reasons. they're just not very good reasons."
</matthew> the sun crawls higher.  * * * hloif * * *
<matthew> the stone tablets told the fascinating tale of a time before bananas rose to the skies, leaving only the cherries, whipped cream, and chopped nuts of creation below.
brenbarn says, "so rc is one vote away from death"
rogercarbol says, "i get 3 votes?  yay!  i mean, oh.  crap."
cube says, "we're electing you president of our new club."
rogercarbol says, "guess you'll have to take them on your own, bishop."
waldo | bishop votes to lynch maga_dogg.
brenbarn says, "(a majority of votes is required for lynching)"
bishop says (to rogercarbol), "er, leave me out of whatever it is you're talking about."
rogercarbol says, "i promise not to eat anyone who doesn't vote for me."
emily says (to roger), "unh hunh"
boingball says, "hee"
maga_dogg flips through some i ching stalks. "wind over fire: the image of the family. the perseverance of the woman / furthers. thus the superior man has substance in his words / and duration in his way of life.
brenbarn says, "if he's a villager he's the wackest villager i ever saw"
bishop asks (of maga_dogg), "er, so it's emily?"
rogercarbol says, "superior man?  that obviosly isn't me."
emily says (to rogercarbol), "which is why you will not have duration in your way of life."
rogercarbol says, "i'm the new role, the village idiot."
cube says, "we lynch those too."
brenbarn says, "actually there is a 'fool' role"
bishop says (to rogercarbol), "there is a 'fool', but none this game."
brenbarn says, "but not in this game"
maga_dogg says (to bishop), "not if her perseverance furthers. unless it just furthers the wolves."
rogercarbol says, "oh."
bishop says (to maga_dogg), "so emily will win, whichever side she's on? er, ok, i guess...."
emily smiles sweetly.
maga_dogg says (to bishop), "sounds consistent with my past experience of this game"
brenbarn asks, "so does anyone have a compelling reason why i should not vote for rc?"
cube says, "none."
rogercarbol says, "because i'm nice."
rogercarbol says, "it's my first game ever."
emily says, "i don't actually think he's a wolf, though, to be fair."
rogercarbol says, "i don't want to die young."
waldo | emily changes vote from rogercarbol to bishop.
rogercarbol says, "i want to make other people die young."
rogercarbol says, "from old age."
brenbarn says, "(oh, and for new players: villagers win if they kill all the wolves.  wolves win if there are equal numbers of wolves and non-wolves)"
bishop says (to emily), "what'd i ever do to you? besides accusing you, i mean."
emily says (to bishop), "eh, well, that's enough"
cube says, "i feel bad picking on the other new guy, but he's weirding me out."
bishop says (to emily), "true."
rogercarbol says, "the weird psycho guy is never the wolf; that's too obvious."
rogercarbol says, "it's always those quiet types."
boingball says, "'ww who' to see what's going on"
maga_dogg says (to rc), "that, or me"
boingball says (to rc), "yeah, i hate those"
bishop says, "dunno. some of us are always weird psycho."
brenbarn says (to maga), "you are the weird psycho guy"
maga_dogg says, "and in any case, i am the alpha weird psycho here"
maga_dogg says (to brenbarn), "timing"
rogercarbol declares that he now likes emily's judge of character, and will vote however she is voting.
boingball says, "some people seem to become the narrator and try to guide everyone when they're wolf"
brenbarn says, "put your vote where your voice is"
bishop says (to rogercarbol), "aw. and after all that you claim we've shared."
maga_dogg says (to rc), "this way leads to madness. but it means you don't vote for me, so off you go down mad street."
waldo | rogercarbol retracts a vote for maga_dogg.
waldo | rogercarbol votes to lynch bishop.
waldo | bishop changes vote from maga_dogg to rogercarbol.
<atholbrose> what, what? ifmud, what?
brenbarn says, "(you don't have to unvote to vote again, by the way, you can just do 'ww vote <newperson>' to change your vote"
maga_dogg says, "yay. this bodes very well"
bishop says, "hell hath no fury like a clergyman scorned."
rogercarbol says, "way to pick up on the realpolitik, carbol."
brenbarn says, "hmm, once again rc is near death"
maga_dogg says, "hmm"
waldo | maga_dogg changes vote from rogercarbol to brenbarn.
rogercarbol says, "i'm livin on the edge, baybe."
emily says, "eh, must end this round, but i still don't think rc dunnit"
bishop says (to rogercarbol), "no more so than myself at this point."
brenbarn says (to maga), "there's a new one"
maga_dogg says, "i think bren and boing are purposefully holding back on bandwaggoning in order to escape suspicion later"
rogercarbol says, "so it's up to the two bbs, eh."
emily says (to maga_dogg), "interesting point"
brenbarn says, "actually i was thinking someone might raise that point"
boingball says, "me and bren are the anti-bandwaggoning coalition"
waldo | emily changes vote from bishop to brenbarn.
rogercarbol says, "they're sluggish from tummy full of ryan."
rogercarbol is compelled to follow.
waldo | rogercarbol retracts a vote for bishop.
brenbarn says, "i think people who have played before would agree that i do not generally bandwagon"
waldo | rogercarbol votes to lynch brenbarn.
brenbarn says, "and i am not the wolf"
maga_dogg says, "it's a very extended theory, but, let's face it, there's going to be no evidence for anything for the remainder of this game"
bishop says (to rogercarbol), "hmph. don't think that gets you off the hook."
boingball says, "i'm even less the wolf"
rogercarbol says (to bishop), "i'm just following the party line, sir."
maga_dogg says (to bob), "okay, if it's possible for you to be less of a wolf than bren, then logically bren must be a wolf. vote for him."
brenbarn says, "the votes are swinging wildly today"
cube says, "i'm sticking to rc; i don't think he did it, but i don't have much else (anything) to go on"
brenbarn says (to maga), "that logic is flawed"
bishop asks, "so, who _hasn't_ had 3 votes for them at this point?"
rogercarbol can't sleep; wolves will eat me.
brenbarn says, "boing and cube"
brenbarn says, "and emily"
cube says, "emily is sweetness and light."
boingball says (to cube), "hmm"
brenbarn says (to rc), "you can't sleep because you're up howling at the moon"
rogercarbol remembers this crazy-eyed wacko ploy for when he really is the wolf.
cube says, "just ask her."
maga_dogg says (to cube), "that's only the glint on the fangs"
brenbarn asks, "don't you want to ask me about whether i am sweetness and light?"
emily says, "i am a picture of lilywhiteness, and, also, innocent.  also, a villager."
boingball says, "sweetless and light, l33tness and swight"
boingball says, "sweetless? heh"
cube says, "i want some death ^^;"
brenbarn says, "without candy!"
rogercarbol says (to cube), "if you think i'm innocent then stop voting for me and kill off brenbarn."
bishop says, "mm, death."
boingball asks, "what the hell is that? ^^;?"
brenbarn says, "don't kill me you fools"
bishop says, "mm, candy, too."
cube says (to rogercarbol), "i don't think you did it, necessarily, but i know that i'll have an easier time thinking if your running wacko commentary is out of the game."
brenbarn says, "heh"
rogercarbol asks, "what is this mysterious 'out-of-game' of which you speak, brother villager?"
bishop asks (of boingball), "two newlines and an end-of-statement?"
brenbarn says, "heh"
cube says (to rogercarbol), "someone has to take the first uneducated fall, and you're as good a sap as any."
boingball says, "why i oughtta"
bishop says (to cube), "well, except that nobody's voting for him any more. except us."
boingball says, "come on, this round has gone on long ehough"
rogercarbol says, "but i ain't gonna fall.  if you want the axe to drop quick, you can send brenbarn to his grave *right now*."
brenbarn says, "why are you guys voting for me again?  oh yeah, because i didn't vote."
cube says, "i'm not changing my vote, so unvoters should hurry up and end the round."
rogercarbol says, "boingball can't vote for brenbarn because wolves lynching wolves is just bad."
brenbarn says, "pshaw"
maga_dogg says (to emily), "just vote for rc and he'll be forced to kill himself"
bishop says (to boing,bren), "dude, conscientious objectors like y'all are _why_ the round's dragging."
boingball says, "just watch me"
emily says (to maga_dogg), "heehee"
boingball says, "er, no, wait"
emily says, "i would, if i thought there was any chance he was the actual wolf"
rogercarbol exclaims (at boing), "wow, it's trudeau!"
bishop says, "oops, s/conscientious objectors/wolves/"
emily says, "however, at this point the boredom is becoming excruciating"
bishop says, "fuck it."
emily says, "dammit, the seer is not supposed to die in round one"
waldo | bishop changes vote from rogercarbol to brenbarn.
