floyd | a new game begins with 7 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, and
floyd | 4 villagers.  now it is night; time for the werewolves to kill, the
floyd | seer to identify and the rest to sleep.
schep says, "er, that allows the villagers no chance to be wrong."
marvin says, "then it'll be quick, and we can do it right."
brenbarn shrugs in his sleep.
mona tosses and turns
floyd | schep, a villager, may still be with us in spirit, but not in flesh.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
mona says, "ok, who's the seer"
thrax asks, "how many chances do we have?"
marvin says, "okay, we have a seer still."
marvin asks, "anyone want to claim seerage?"
thrax says, "me."
</ryan> while i was here, a duck said to me, "there is only one maharito." earlier, he told me "the vest isn't 100% against heat." i don't know why all the ducks with shops around here talk like insane sidewalk conspiracy theorists, but it doesn't make me want to buy anything.
thrax says, "wb is a wolf."
</guest1> alex forgets about the guest. "now i don't believe in anything!"
floyd | thrax votes to lynch weirdbeard.
marvin asks (of thrax), "you know anything?"
floyd | mona votes to lynch weirdbeard.
weirdbeard says, "i'm seer"
brenbarn says, "see, this is really just as crazy as with no seer"
marvin asks (of weirdbeard), "what?"
weirdbeard says, "but i saw a villager"
floyd | esrom votes to lynch weirdbeard.
marvin asks (of weirdbeard), "who?"
esrom asks, "and who was this villager?"
weirdbeard says, "mona"
thrax says, "you'll see. (and then i'll die, of course.)"
mona says, "this is too weird"
esrom says, "hmm..."
thrax says, "but mona is a good place to look for the next wolf."
floyd | weirdbeard votes to lynch thrax.
brenbarn says, "maybe -- yeah, i was thinking that."
floyd | mona retracts a vote for weirdbeard.
marvin says, "hmm."
marvin says, "not sure about this."
brenbarn says, "oooh, this is tricky."
mona ackks
brenbarn says, "oh, fiddle"
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch weirdbeard.
marvin says, "so if thrax is the wolf, weirdbeard's the seer, and vice-versa."
mona says, "i like to believe weirdbeard"
thrax says, "we only have one shot, with two wolves."
thrax says, "wb's playing defense."
floyd | mona votes to lynch thrax.
floyd | brenbarn retracts a vote for weirdbeard.
thrax asks (of mona), "why?"
brenbarn says, "this is maniacal"
marvin says, "and if weirdbeard *is* the wolf, mona's probably the other wolf."
thrax says, "notice that i came forward first."
mona says (to thrax), "either you or wb"
brenbarn says (to thrax), "you could have been pre-empting"
mona says (to marvin), "good point, 'cept i ain't a wolf"
mona says, "so, thrax must be faking"
marvin says (to mona), "hmm."
thrax says (to mona), "no, i'm figuring because wb is trying to protect you."
mona says, "hm.."
thrax says (to mona), "it's possible that wb is just hoping that we'll look in the wrong place once we lynch him."
brenbarn says, "it sure sounds like mona and thrax are in cahoots, but it also smacks of double-bluffing or something."
floyd | marvin votes to lynch thrax.
thrax says (to monda), "and once the wolf gets me."
marvin says, "i think."
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch thrax.
