floyd | a new game begins with 9 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, 1 devil, and 4 villagers.  now it is night; time
floyd | for the werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane
floyd | carrier to protect, the devil to identify and the rest to sleep.
storme says, "yup"
marvin says, "oh, nifty. you hadn't started."
maga_dogg says, "we were waiting for you"
marvin says, "thanks."
floyd | brenbarn, a villager, wakes missing a few vital organs.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
jwalrus says, "aww"
gunther says, "merf"
maga_dogg says, "poor bren"
brenbarn says, "garghh"
jwalrus says, "well, i'm a villager"
iain says, "sheesh, and they even left him just barely alive."
iain says, "those wolves are bastard."
iain says, "s"
gunther says (to jwalrus), "that's what they all say"
jwalrus says (to gunther), "true. but i'm not a seer or baner or any of them wacky things neither"
miseri asks, "so whodunnit?"
gunther says, "oh, right, them"
iain says (to jwalrus), "if you were the seer or baner, you'd hardly say so."
gunther says, "hmm, no fool"
iain says, "so, hmm."
maga_dogg says (to jwalrus), "but it'd probably be dumb to admit to that this early"
maga_dogg says, "...what iain said."
jwalrus says, "of course it would"
jwalrus says, "but i could have done what the rest of you have done and said nothing about my identity at all"
maga_dogg says, "so... at this stage it's just a popularity contest, then..."
maga_dogg says, "ah well, why delay the inevitable"
iain says, "wf kill dubya"
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch maga_dogg.
jwalrus says, "hee hee"
gunther says, "yay"
schep says (to iain), "hee"
floyd | maga_dogg retracts a vote for maga_dogg.
miseri says, "heh. says maga_dogg."
jwalrus asks, "who'd kill bren?"
gunther says (to jwalrus), "you! no, wait."
maga_dogg says (to miseri), "i'm domestic."
iain says, "jwalrus and gunther seem to be the most talkative."
miseri asks (of iain), "meaning?"
iain says, "but i don't like to lynch people just for that."
</rob> find release from your cares. have a good time.
iain says (to miseri), "well, nothing."
gunther says, "ha"
iain asks, "who hasn't said anything yet?"
schep says, "i said 'hee'"
storme says, "me, but i'm too busy laughing"
brenbarn laughs.
schep says, "but i'll add that i'm a villager, since i've been quiet."
storme says (to bran), "shh, you, you're dead"
maga_dogg says (to brenbarn), "stop that."
storme says, "er, bren"
maga_dogg says, "well, i'm a villager, as if saying that counts for anything at this stage"
gunther says, "ok, in that case i can't help it... i'm the seer, and schep is a wolf."
iain says, "it's just random meaningless noises caused by gas escaping from his bloated corpse."
iain says, "we shouldn't have left him out in the sun."
floyd | iain votes to lynch gunther.
schep says, "gunther is the devil, because i'm the wolfsbane carrier."
schep says (to gunther), "darn you."
gunther says (to schep), "sure you are, suddenly"
maga_dogg says, "hmm... it'd be foolish for gunther to lie at this stage, since he'd just get lynched next round"
gunther says (to schep), "a second ago you were a villager"
miseri says, "true... but it still seems a bit, well, precipitate."
schep says, "of course i was."
floyd | marvin votes to lynch schep.
maga_dogg says, "on the other hand, this kind of madcap bid for glory would be very gunther-consistent"
iain says (to gunther), "you're making things up here."
jwalrus asks (of gunther), "why can't you help it?"
gunther asks (of iain), "?"
iain recaps to see what schep said.
gunther says (to jwalrus), "because nothing is happening"
schep asks (of gunther), "and just why did you wait so long to tell everyone?"
marvin says (to iain), "he said he was a villager."
jwalrus says, "ok, schep's story seems consistent, at least"
maga_dogg says, "hmm. in the best-case scenario for wolfgunther, schep'd be innocent and die, and then gunther would get lynched straight after. not a winning proposition."
gunther says, "seer doesn't usually reveal himself this early, for obvious reasons"
iain asks (of gunther), "so why are you, if you are the seer?"
schep says, "gunther wouldn't get lynched because there's no reason to lynch the devil."
miseri says, "unless seer knows wolf."
jwalrus says (to maga), "but if gunther were devil, he might be willing to risk his neck to get schep lynched"
miseri says (to schep), "unless gunther's a wolf making a madcap wild accusation."
floyd | marvin retracts a vote for schep.
jwalrus says, "and we'd be foolish to lynch him if we thought he was the devil nyway"
schep says (to miseri), "possible."
iain asks, "there are two wolves and a devil, right?"
maga_dogg says, "yes"
iain says, "they may be trying to kill schep because he's the seer or baner."
schep says, "but he did manage to pick the baner, which is pretty lucky for a random wolf."
iain says, "and he said he was the baner."
gunther says, "i am so not a wolf"
jwalrus says, "if we believe schep, gunther as devil seems most likely, since the odds are against gunther's random target being baner"
maga_dogg says (to schep), "but not for a devil"
schep says, "right"
miseri says (to schep), "unlucky, i'd say."
iain asks, "can the devil and the wolves talk to each other?"
iain says, "i assume yes."
marvin says (to iain), "he said he was a baner *because* gunther said he was a wolf or something."
jwalrus says, "no"
schep says (to miseri), "heh, yeah"
gunther says, "why believe schep? he's been changing his story"
schep says (to iain), "no"
maga_dogg says, "gunther has, however, nicely narrowed down the lynch-odds to him or schep"
jwalrus says, "wolves don't even know who the devil is"
jwalrus says, "and devil only knows if he identifies"
schep says, "i always claim to be a villager until there's reason to do otherwise."
jwalrus says, "so, if schep's right, gunther's devil, and if gunther's right, he's seer, so let's not lynch gunther"
maga_dogg asks (of gunther), "well, how stupid would it be to say 'i'm a baner' right at the start?"
iain asks (of jwalrus), "wait, what?"
storme says, "hmm.  i'm suspecting schep to be a wolf, here"
maga_dogg says (to jwalrus), "that's not a reason to lynch schep, however"
jwalrus says, "but schep seems a likely baner, so i don't want to lynch him either"
schep asks (of storme), "why?"
marvin says (to iain), "not a lot of point lynching the devil."
gunther says (to maga_dogg), "that's true.. and still, schep has."
maga_dogg says (to gunther), "because you were accusing him"
jwalrus says, "it's stupid lynching the devil, because you're throwing away a chance to lynch a wolf by definitely picking a non-wolf"
storme says (to schep), "as if you identified yourself as the baner, the baner wouldn't speak up in case he got killed"
schep says, "if i said nothing, i would have been killed rather quickly."
maga_dogg says, "both schep's stories are consistent with him being a baner."
marvin says, "but wait, gunther could be a wolf."
<adam> dang, i should have come earlier! there will be no cookie for me today!
gunther says, "uh"
jwalrus says, "he could, but it seems unlikely"
gunther says, "if i were a wolf, the last thing i'd do is draw suspicion to myself"
maga_dogg says (to marvin), "a very dumb wolf, but possibly"
marvin says, "well, true."
schep says, "also, no one else has said they're the baner, which also helps me."
gunther says (to schep), "well, duh"
marvin says, "still, it's not impossible to do really dumb things that work."
storme says (to schep), "as i said, they wouldn't"
schep says, "i would."
maga_dogg says, "it could be a red herring, though. draw attention to self precisely because you are the wolf, so everybody'll say 'he can't be the wolf'"
jwalrus says (to storme), "they might if we'd definitely know a wolf if they did"
maga_dogg says, "i'm just getting really curious to see what gunther is now"
iain says, "he's the devil, clearly."
adam arrives, full of neither funk nor fun.
storme says (to jwalrus), "hmm, maybe"
jwalrus says, "and since there's no-one else known yet, baner could speak up and then protect self"
gunther asks, "'clearly'?"
schep says, "if i were the baner and someone else claimed to be, i'd gladly make my identity known to help everyone get a wolf."
iain says, "which is a bastard since we want to kill wolves."
maga_dogg says, "but since he *has* made the first round interesting, i'm reluctant to kill him on shaky evidence"
brenbarn says, "hey adam"
gunther says (to jwalrus), "and continue to protect himself? pointless"
maga_dogg says (to adam), "hey"
schep says, "not pointless, if you kill a wolf."
maga_dogg says (to gunther), "it'd give the rest of us very useful information"
jwalrus says, "i am fairly sure gunther is the devil, and so suggest that we don't lynch either him or schep"
floyd | marvin votes to lynch iain.
iain says, "oh, thanks."
adam says, "whoops, they want me to go back to work already. curses"
adam is weaponized, aerosolized and sporulated.
</adam> disconnect, disconnect, and again, disconnect, as the great lenin taught us.
iain says, "see, it'll look like spite if i vote for marvin now."
maga_dogg says, "and he could take risks, knowing that the wolves wouldn't attack him since they'd assume he was protecting himself"
iain says, "but he was fairly supportive of gunther."
jwalrus says, "storme and mis have been pretty quiet, for what that's worth"
marvin says (to iain), "spites one of the best reasons for voting in the first round."
schep says, "he was against lynching gunther, which is far from supporting gunther."
jwalrus says (to marvin), "not with a first round this good"
gunther says, "floyd needs "vote random""
miseri actually has something else in another window.
iain says (to schep), "hm."
schep says (to gunther), "wf vote"
gunther says, "really? heh"
iain asks, "really?"
storme says (to jwalrus), "due to lack of useful contribution to make, myself"
floyd | iain changes vote from gunther to miseri.
schep says, "which is not random, but just weird."
floyd | iain changes vote from miseri to miseri.
miseri says (to maga_dogg), "that public-school rpg thing i was telling you about."
iain says, "wow, it works. kind of."
maga_dogg asks (of miseri), "how goes it?"
schep says, "no, it just does the first player or something."
miseri says (to maga_dogg), "just working out hit points and damage."
iain says (to schep), "it randomly switched my vote from miseri to miseri."
gunther says, "oh, get on with it"
miseri asks (of iain), "must be a sign, huh?"
miseri says, "but i'm not a wolf."
marvin says, "i wasn't against lynching anyone."
jwalrus says, "if we believe mis, it seems likely that he'd be paying more attention if he had an important role, though i dunno if that's either fair or valid reasoning"
jwalrus says, "also, lag"
schep says, "actually the last player, it looks like."
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | current players (8):
floyd | schep has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | marvin has 1 vote and votes to lynch iain.
floyd | iain has 1 vote and votes to lynch miseri.
floyd | jwalrus has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | maga_dogg has 0 votes and votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | storme has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | gunther has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | miseri has 1 vote and hasn't yet voted.
floyd |
devil arrives, full of fun and funk.
floyd | iain changes vote from miseri to marvin.
devil says, "i was wondering why it was so quiet in the lounge."
marvin says, "for what it's worth, which by this point is probably nothing, i'm just a villager."
gunther says, "see? there's the real devil!"
floyd | storme votes to lynch marvin.
devil hides.
jwalrus says, "since i believe schep not to be a wolf, i'll follow his vote, unless he votes for me"
floyd | gunther votes to lynch marvin.
marvin asks, "see? worth nothing?"
schep says, "not much to go on. but storme did try to get me lynched."
floyd | schep votes to lynch storme.
gunther says, "hmm"
floyd | gunther changes vote from marvin to storme.
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch storme.
storme says (to schep), "hunh"
maga_dogg says (to schep), "way to win a crowd"
brenbarn says (to devil), "when wolves are about, it pays to be quiet"
maga_dogg says (to bren), "as you found out"
gunther says, "of course, i just completely gave myself away"
</oren> i could go on talking to you for several minutes more before yielding to the desire to bash my head in with a large rock
gunther says, "but fuck it"
storme says (to schep), "i just wondered why you announced yourself as baner so soon"
miseri asks, "hm?"
floyd | jwalrus retracts a vote for storme.
jwalrus asks (of gunther), "what?"
iain asks, "'there's the real devil!'?"
schep says (to storme), "i mostly believe you. but i'm just being semirandom here."
iain says, "that gives away nothing."
gunther says, "by voting along with schep instead of for him"
miseri checks wf who. "we think it's marvin?"
marvin says (to miseri), "i don't."
iain says, "we don't know."
maga_dogg says (to gunther), "you gave yourself away more by saying that you'd just given yourself away"
iain says (to maga_dogg), "unless he's just playing silly buggers."
gunther says, "so yeah, i am devil"
maga_dogg says, "wait one second."
miseri says (to gunther), "now i'm all confused about you."
maga_dogg says, "gunther could be a wolf pretending to be devil in order to avoid lynching."
iain says, "he's either devil or wolf."
marvin asks (of gunther), "are you really and truly actually admitting to being devil?"
iain says (to maga_dogg), "well, the seer can check him out."
jwalrus says, "as i say, i think it's far more likely that he's devil"
gunther says, "since i gave it away anyway, yes"
gunther says, "i id'd schep as the baner and hoped to get him lynched"
schep says, "nah, he's probably just the devil."
marvin says, "hrm."
jwalrus says, "and i think the seer'd do better looking for wolves than wasting a turn checking gunther out"
maga_dogg says, "if gunther survives this, he is going to be laughing so much"
schep says, "(note: this means please do not listen to him)"
new default channel: alt/random/markov-chains
iain says, "if we think gunther is just the devil, we can ignore him."
jwalrus says (to maga), "if he's the devil, he almost certainly will do, now"
iain says, "but then the bastard'll turn out to be a wolf."
gunther says (to iain), "fine"
gunther has disconnected.
gunther oils the cogs of the war machine and feeds it with our babies.
</gunther> kiss me once then i am leaving / kiss me once then kiss yourself goodbye
floyd | marvin changes vote from iain to schep.
storme says, "jwalrus seems oddly protective of gunther, fwiw"
marvin says, "hee hee hee."
devil says (to iain), "it's hard to ignore gunther."
jwalrus asks, "what?"
iain asks (of marvin), "whuh?"
schep says (to storme), "no, it just makes sense"
iain says (to storme), "you're just mixing it now."
storme says (to schep), "oh, i agree"
marvin says (to iain), "i could vote for you again, if you like."
jwalrus says, "i say i am almost certain that gunther is the devil, and as there is no point in lynching the devil, we shouldn't kill him"
gunther says, "jwalrus is just good at this"
iain says (to jwalrus), "agreed."
gunther says, "unlike, say, me"
jwalrus says (to gunther), "i'm flattered"
storme says (to jwalrus), "see, now i suspect you're the seer"
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch storme.
iain says, "i'm inclining towards marvin or storme as wolves."
maga_dogg says, "so who we kill is now pretty random, if we accept gunther's version."
marvin is still just a villager.
floyd | current players (8):
floyd | schep has 1 vote and votes to lynch storme.
floyd | marvin has 3 votes and votes to lynch schep.
floyd | iain has 0 votes and votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | jwalrus has 0 votes and votes to lynch storme.
floyd | maga_dogg has 0 votes and votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | storme has 3 votes and votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | gunther has 0 votes and votes to lynch storme.
floyd | miseri has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd |
gunther says (to maga_dogg), "damn right"
schep says (to maga_dogg), "there is a bunch of behavior you can analyze."
maga_dogg says, "apart from 'probably not schep'. unless schep is a wolf and gunther is the devil and they just have a fiendish mutual-protection fake-enemies thing going"
jwalrus says, "well, except we now have a long conversation to provide evidence timing"
schep says, "since this hasn't been the ordinary boring first round."
marvin says (to iain), "everyone else would apparently agree with you, from the votes."
gunther says (to maga_dogg), "that'd rock"
iain says (to maga), "argh"
floyd | gunther retracts a vote for storme.
maga_dogg says (to gunther), "it's been done before"
iain says, "wf who"
iain says, "oops."
miseri says, "grf. go with the flow, i guess...."
<jearl> acquired a 7.2% stake in kling jelko dr dehmel wertpapierdienstleistungs ag.
floyd | maga_dogg retracts a vote for marvin.
floyd | miseri votes to lynch marvin.
marvin exclaims (at miseri), "no! no!"
jwalrus says, "ooh, lucky escape"
marvin exclaims (at miseri), "never go with the flow!"
iain says (to marvin), "oooooooh, close."
gunther says, "miseri could be the wolf"
marvin says, "i'm gonna die, i know it."
schep asks (of gunther), "why aren't you voting for me?"
floyd | miseri retracts a vote for marvin.
miseri asks, "why?"
jwalrus asks (of schep), "because he'll never get anyone to agree?"
schep says, "i think this round should just end."
gunther says (to schep), "because i know you're not a wolf"
schep asks (of jwalrus), "does it matter?"
floyd | schep changes vote from storme to marvin.
gunther says, "but i have disabled you for this game, so mwa ha ha"
floyd | current players (8):
floyd | schep has 1 vote and votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | marvin has 3 votes and votes to lynch schep.
floyd | iain has 0 votes and votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | jwalrus has 0 votes and votes to lynch storme.
floyd | maga_dogg has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | storme has 1 vote and votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | gunther has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd | miseri has 0 votes and hasn't yet voted.
floyd |
maga_dogg says (to gunther), "well, as devil, that would make no sense."
floyd | gunther votes to lynch marvin.
marvin says, "fuck."
jwalrus asks, "why do we suspect marvin, again?"
floyd | gunther retracts a vote for marvin.
marvin exclaims, "bye everyone!"
schep says, "no reason"
iain says (to jwalrus), "i rolled a 5."
jwalrus asks, "or, why do you suspect him, since i don't?"
maga_dogg says, "yeah, pause for a second, people, and read back"
schep says, "i think iain voted randomly and a bunch of people followed."
storme says (to jwalrus), "yeah, but you suspect me. for no apparent reason"
marvin says, "okay, this isn't fair."
jwalrus says, "storme has tried to get schep and me lynched"
maga_dogg says, "i think we originally started voting for him 'cause iain mentioned he'd been supporting gunther"
iain says (to schep), "only semi-randomly."
miseri asks, "so we should vote for iain then?"
maga_dogg looks at iain
iain says, "i honestly thought marvin was being supportive of gunther."
marvin says, "i'm getting just the right amount of votes and unvotes to keep me at three votes."
iain says, "once he decided that gunther was actually the devil."
iain says, "assuming marvin is a wolf, of course."
storme says (to jwalrus), "i think you're the seer.  i don't want you lynched"
maga_dogg asks (of marvin), "living dangerously, huh?"
floyd | gunther votes to lynch iain.
gunther says, "iain's the smooth-talker here"
iain says (to gunther), "yeah, but we're ignoring you."
marvin says, "if i was a wolf, i wouldn't know gunther was a devil."
jwalrus asks (of storme), "so why were you accusing me of supporting gunther?"
iain says (to marvin), "not initially."
schep says (to storme), "i haven't heard anything to indicate jwalrus might be the seer."
schep says, "just a good player."
marvin says, "or that schep was a bane carrier."
iain says (to marvin), "but you could have figured it out, just as the rest of us did."
gunther says (to iain), "i have as much idea as you do"
storme says (to jwalrus), "well, i think you might actually know he's the devil"
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | gunther changes vote from iain to marvin.
