floyd | a new game begins with 6 players composed of 1 werewolf, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 3 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolf to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
julian says, "ok."
floyd | maga_dogg, a villager, is conspicuously missing from today's
floyd | gathering.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
brenbarn says, "hmm"
brenbarn says, "quick night there"
julian asks (of brenbarn), "implication?"
brenbarn says, "i dunno"
maga_dogg exclaims, "bastards!"
parsergirl says, "one wolf? hmm."
julian says, "and one baner."
julian says, "oh, and one seer."
julian says, "so really the villagers are kinda unimportant, here :-("
brenbarn says, "hardly"
julian says, "numerically i mean."
brenbarn says, "ah, well.  only just."
schep says, "oh, we can win by tomorrow if we reveal everything now."
schep says, "neat."
parsergirl says, "one other person besides me is a villager then."
brenbarn says (to schep), "yeah, i was thinking about that"
parsergirl says, "someone would lie"
schep says, "lynch one potential villager, protect the seer, know the answer."
brenbarn asks (of schep), "unless seer id'd baner, right?"
julian asks, "how'd we know who was lying?"
schep says, "even works if seer identified poor maga_dogg."
brenbarn says, "huh, yeah"
schep says, "i like it."
julian says, "well... fine, i'm the baner."
schep says, "i carry wolfsbane, and will protect the seer if one aha."
parsergirl says, "aha"
reillyb says, "villager"
brenbarn says, "oho!"
brenbarn says, "tricky"
floyd | julian votes to lynch schep.
schep says, "we hardly need the seer, although i'll still protect you."
julian says, "there we go =)"
floyd | schep votes to lynch julian.
parsergirl asks, "aha?"
julian says (to pg), "one of us is lying."
julian says (to pg), "specifically, schep is lying."
schep says, "kill one of us, and if you're wrong, win tomorrow."
julian says (to schep), "though i admire your plan."
schep says (to julian), "bad move."
brenbarn says, "ok, i'm the seer"
parsergirl says, "hmm"
brenbarn says, "pg is a villager"
schep says, "i wouldn't pull this because it's a sure lose."
parsergirl says, "schep is more convincing, but he's more experienced."
schep says, "then again, there's always things like last night."
floyd | parsergirl votes to lynch julian.
julian says, "sigh, i've been a wolf like the last two games."
julian says, "i'm *not* a wolf now."
brenbarn says, "we don't even need me to survive the night, since we can just lynch either schep or julian"
brenbarn says, "if we lynch the wolf, great, if not, lynch the other one tomorrow"
julian exclaims, "what brenbarn says, but *please* lynch schep!"
brenbarn says (to schep), "yes"
brenbarn says, "so hopefully nobody's a villager who's just a wannabe baner"
reillyb asks, "what happened last night?"
brenbarn says, "(parsley carrier)"
parsergirl votes for julian but keeps an eye on schep.
parsergirl says, "wait, this isn't wolfsbane, it's weed!"
brenbarn says, "wait, let's get this clear"
lonecleric arrives, full of funk, but no fun.
julian says, "hee."
lonecleric says, "too late!"
lonecleric asks, "?"
brenbarn says (to lc), "it's almost over, i think"
parsergirl says (to lonecleric), "almost done, yest"
brenbarn says, "(knock on wood)"
julian says, "ok, i'm the baner and schep claims to be the baner.  brenbarn claims to be a seer, and that pg is a villager."
lonecleric says, "i was actually reading yesterday's transcript. wow."
julian says, "no dispute on the seer, though."
brenbarn asks (of lc), "isn't that incredible?"
parsergirl asks, "what was so special about last night?"
brenbarn says (to pg), "about last night -- it was very special to me"
schep says, "it's obvious to everyone that julian is a wolf, or else i am. so just vote for one of us today and if wrong, the other tomorrow."
brenbarn says, "seriously, we had a really cool game"
parsergirl says (to brenbarn), "oh man, no more tequila for me."
brenbarn says, "but yes, let's get on with it"
schep says (to brenbarn), "you haven't voted, for instance."
julian says, "i'll point out here that the absense of a killing vote on me increases likelihood that either one of myself and schep is a werewolf."
brenbarn says, "i guess it's not really significant which one we lynch"
caleb arrives, full of neither funk nor fun.
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch schep.
brenbarn says, "everyone get it right: we're lynching julian tomorrow"
schep says (to reillyb), "looks like it's up to you."
brenbarn says, "unless we win tonight"
brenbarn says, "oh, pg voted for julain"
schep says (to caleb), "this is almost over."
julian says, "what brenbarn just said, and unless we have better knowledge"
brenbarn says, "ok, we're lynching schep tomorrow"
floyd | brenbarn changes vote from schep to julian.
