floyd | a new game begins with 8 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | fool, and 4 villagers.  now it is night; time for the werewolves to
floyd | kill, the seer to identify, the fool to identify and the rest to
floyd | sleep.
skip says, "wf remind"
floyd | ellison, a villager, doesn't wake up today.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
</lpsmith> who supposes that ford should not say such things?  roger giner-sorolla does.
<lpsmith> o muse, u comin or not?  i nd u 4 my story on ulyssis lol
brenbarn says, "oooh, vindictive wolf"
skip says, "pays to keep silent, i guess"
ender keeps his mouth shut.
skip says, "been a while since i played this, my skilz are rusty now."
brenbarn says (to skip), "causing you to forget to kill"
bishop asks, "well, somebody should get the ball rolling. any wild accusations?"
thumper asks, "do we want to play the 'if i'm a seer, then so and so is/is not a wolf' game?"
ender says (to brb), "killing is instinct.  it's staying alive that takes skill."
skip asks (of brenbarn), "was that an accusation?"
skip says (to brenbarn), "because if so, prepare to die!"
brenbarn says (to skip), "nah, just messing around"
skip says, "wait, i shouldn't say that"
skip says, "because then the wolves will kill brenbarn"
brenbarn says (to thumper), "that's a good idea"
skip says, "and i'll be blamed"
bishop pints fingers until he runs out of hands.
boingball asks, "sticking them in blenders?"
thumper says, "if i'm the seer, then lonecleric is not a wolf."
brenbarn says, "if i'm the seer, then boingball is innocent"
boingball says, "if i'm seer, skip is not wolf"
skip says, "if i'm villager, i dunno."
ender says, "if i'm a seer, bishop is a wolf."
boingball asks, "there's a fool, right?"
ender says (to skip), "don't mess up the ritual!"
skip says (to boingball), "yes"
thumper says (to boingball), "yes."
</lonecleric> comp-emon - gotta play them all!
<lonecleric> comp-emon - gotta play them all!
bishop says, "if i'm the seer, boingball is not a wolf."
boingball says, "i suppose i could have just moved my eyes halfway up the screen. but it's 2:20am"
bishop asks, "so are we all just being randomly accusatory, or are we trying to follow some protocol?"
thumper asks (of lonecleric), "you going to play the 'if i'm a seer' game?"
skip says (to bishop), "the former, i think"
boingball says, "there isn't any protocol, really"
lonecleric says, "whoa."
lonecleric asks, "am i still in the game now?"
skip says, "if i'm the seer, boingball is innocent"
ender says (to bishop), "if you're a seer or a fool, you say what you really think.  otherwise, random."
skip says (to lc), "yes"
<sargent> if a skull ever tells you that it's hungry, run away. it's just trying to lure you close enough so that it can rip your face off and kill you.
boingball says, "i'm looking innocent to a lot of people"
lonecleric asks, "so, we're playing ifas now?"
skip says (to lc), "yes"
ender says, "the point is that if the wolves kill the seer, we can then look back and see what they knew, but the wolves can't actually pick it out from the 'lucky guesses' of the villagers."
lonecleric says, "okay, iias, ender's a villager."
brenbarn flashes the "catch you later" handsign.
</brenbarn> this is for your butt but not a porn site.  your butt called me crying.  you know why?  http://www.comfyseat.com
skip asks, "what, do we lynch him now?"
<brenbarn> me, shall i not lie down like him, never again to move?
thumper says, "so so far we have ender claiming bishop is a wolf, and the other people claiming other people are not wolves."
boingball says, "the thing is, everyone's said who is innocent, not who's a wolf"
brenbarn arrives, ready to play with the toys.
brenbarn asks, "did i miss anything?"
boingball says, "which will only slightly help"
lonecleric asks, "but then it means ender claims seerdom, doesn't it?"
thumper says (to lonecleric), "not necessarily."
thumper says (to lonecleric), "it's a good strategy for the villagers to every so often claim to see a wolf."
ender says, "er, no.  i just thought there was too much "he's innocent!" going around, and wanted some variety."
bishop says (to lc), "no, just that he's more imaginative than the rest of us. :-)"
lonecleric says, "i fail to see the point in it, though."
ender asks, "so is there anybody who had nothing said about them at all?"
lonecleric says, "well, there are 2 wolves still, ok."
brenbarn says, "it allows the seer to pass his knowledge on past his death"
</limax> "when someone tells you to 'have a nice day', tell them you have other plans."
ender says, "cause any of the "he's innocents" *could* have been the seer pointing at a real innocent, so we want to avoid them."
thumper says, "i don't believe anybody said anything about me."
floyd | ender votes to lynch thumper.
ender says (to thumper), "ok, then."
thumper says, "ack."
ender grins.
floyd | ender retracts a vote for thumper.
thumper goes through his scrollback to find some lifesaving claim.
bishop says (to ender), "there must be some others too, since bob got like 3 innocents."
boingball says, "i have no ideas"
brenbarn says, "oh phsaw, we have to do something"
brenbarn says, "s/phs/psh"
ender says, "ok, thumper, brenbarn, and bishop don't have alibis."
ender says, "and boingball has three alibis."
ender says, "and skip didn't actually say anything."
boingball says, "and they're not for sale"
lonecleric says, "i missed all the alibis, due to disconnect. lemme recap."
bishop says (to ender), "did anybody say anything about you? i don't recall and scrollback is broken."
brenbarn says (to ender), "wait, i thought he added something later"
lonecleric says, "i said he's villager."
ender says, "lc said i was a villager."
floyd | boingball votes to lynch skip.
floyd | skip votes to lynch boingball.
thumper says, "skip vouched for boingball."
boingball says, "that woke him up"
skip asks, "what's that for?"
boingball says, "sorry, you were just quiet"
bishop asks, "mmm, vendettas here?"
ender says, "in that case we're missing somebody."
brenbarn says, "i have to eat pizza soon"
floyd | boingball retracts a vote for skip.
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch skip.
ender says, "no, we're not.  we only have 7 now."
boingball says, "no, no"
skip says (to boingball), "i just don't know who to vote for."
floyd | skip retracts a vote for boingball.
floyd | boingball votes to lynch brenbarn.
floyd | brenbarn changes vote from skip to boingball.
boingball goes for bandwagoners
skip says, "also, trying to talk on the phone and play wolf at the same time."
ender says, "ok, so we should pick one of thumper, brenbarn or bishop."
thumper says, "well, skip would appear not to be the seer, as he vouched for boingball and then voted for him."
skip asks (of thumper), "when did i vouch for him?"
floyd | bishop votes to lynch skip.
floyd | lonecleric votes to lynch brenbarn.
floyd | brenbarn retracts a vote for boingball.
thumper | skip says, "if i'm the seer, boingball is innocent"
boingball says (to thumper), "i vouched for skip then voted for him. but as a joke, because he wasn't saying anything"
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch bishop.
skip says, "oh, wait, i did."
ender says, "and i'm inclined to trust thumper, since he pointed out that nobody'd voted for him earlier, and i'd feel bad jumping on that."
floyd | ender votes to lynch bishop.
floyd | skip votes to lynch bishop.
ender says, "so i might as well go with my earlier random accusation. :-)"
floyd | boingball changes vote from brenbarn to bishop.
