floyd | a new game begins with 7 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 3 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
jwalrus says, "this game looks too easy for villagers ... yeah, better"
(from maga_dogg) floyd | maga_dogg requests 0 villagers
brenbarn says (to maga), "what do you care, you're never a villager anyway"
floyd | maga_dogg, a villager, is discovered lounging by the town gates,
floyd | behind the tavern, in the bushes, across the town square, and at home.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
jwalrus says, "aw, poor doggy"
maga_dogg asks, "see why i hate villagers?"
hloif says, "eep."
brenbarn says, "bummer"
mona says, "that's what they all say"
maga_dogg says, "also, i'll bet that was brenbarn getting me back"
schep says (to m_d), "shush"
maga_dogg shushes
jwalrus says (to maga), "you'll never love this game until you learn to appreciate being a villager"
brenbarn says, "so true"
maga_dogg thinks losing your innards is such fun.
boingball says, "enough of this, it's lynching time"
hloif exclaims (at boingball), "yay!"
brenbarn says, "hmmm, let's see. . ."
schep says, "heh, i know some people who always play insane villagers."
mona says (to boingball), "right"
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch boingball.
boingball says, "not mr"
boingball says, "me"
floyd | jwalrus retracts a vote for boingball.
brenbarn asks, "not mr me?"
mona asks, "mini me?"
floyd | hloif votes to lynch jwalrus.
hloif says (to jwalrus), "awfully quick to lynch someone there."
jwalrus says, "sorry, i have to whenever someone says 'let's kill someone'"
floyd | hloif retracts a vote for jwalrus.
hloif says (to jwalrus), "ack, sorry.  :p"
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch hloif.
jwalrus says, "oh, ok"
hloif exclaims (at jwalrus), "hey!"
floyd | jwalrus retracts a vote for hloif.
brenbarn retracts a vote for bogus voting.
floyd | mona votes to lynch mona.
jwalrus asks (of mona), "got to go?"
maga_dogg chuckles
brenbarn says, "yay"
floyd | mona retracts a vote for mona.
jwalrus says, "oh, ok"
mona says, "no, just trying"
jwalrus says, "aw, you can't vote floyd"
brenbarn says, "i suspect the stoic schep"
jwalrus says (to okb), "why/"
jwalrus says, "s#/#?#"
floyd | hloif votes to lynch schep.
mona says, "yeah, he has been suspiciously quiet"
jwalrus says, "true"
hloif says (to jwalrus), "okay, that was confusing."
jwalrus laughs.
schep says, "wait, we can't get anything wrong unless the baner is right? that kind of sux."
jwalrus asks (of schep), "what?"
mona asks (of schep), "what does that mean?"
jwalrus says, "crap, you're right"
brenbarn says, "whoa, true"
jwalrus says, "if we screw up, we all die"
hloif says (to jwalrus), "eep."
mona says, "idgi"
jwalrus says, "unless the baner protects the right person"
hloif says, "but wait...  can someone explain the logic to me?  i don't get it."
maga_dogg will see you all in hell.
(from hloif) maga_dogg says, "from heaven"
brenbarn says (to hloif), "we lynch 1 villager, 1 villager is killed by wolves, leaving 2 wolves and 2 villagers.  wolves win"
jwalrus says (to mona), "there are only six left ... if we lynch an innocent and the wolves kill one tonight, that's 2-2, and we lose"
schep says, "if we lynch an innocent now, and the wolves successfully kill someone now, they win."
hloif says (to brenbarn), "hmm."
mona says, "oh ok."
hloif says (to brenbarn), "okay, thanks."
schep says, "second now is supposed to be tonight."
jwalrus says, "but, if baner is right, we're left with 2 wolves and 3 villagers"
brenbarn says, "the way to avoid that is lynch a wolf or be a lucky baner"
mona says (to schep), "guess that saved your fanny"
maga_dogg smirks
jwalrus says, "and if that happens, we have to be right and the baner can't help either"
brenbarn asks, "does this mean seer should reveal?"
jwalrus says, "so, let's be right"
jwalrus says, "probably"
schep says (to brenbarn), "i kind of think so."
brenbarn asks, "and baner flip between himself and seer?"
mona asks (of brenbarn), "are you the seer?"
jwalrus says, "yeah, i reckon"
schep says, "well, only if the seer knows an innocent."
brenbarn says, "or a guilty"
schep says, "as opposed to maga_dogg"
schep says (to brenbarn), "well, obviously."
brenbarn says, "true"
jwalrus asks, "so, anyone seering?"
brenbarn asks, "should we do the 'if i am seer, then' thing?"
jwalrus says, "yay schepler maneuver"
schep says (to brenbarn), "not much point, since we may not have tomorrow."
jwalrus says (to schep), "true"
brenbarn says, "hmm."
brenbarn asks, "now, an interesting point: should baner reveal themself, or would that increase wolf chances of killing someone?"
jwalrus asks, "so, are we to assume that the seer has only id'd maga?"
boingball asks, "arr, bollocks. just to get the game moving... i'm seer, i idented maga. happy?"
jwalrus says, "i don't think baner should own up"
schep says (to brenbarn), "i say yes."
jwalrus says, "wait, i'm not sure"
brenbarn asks (of schep), "yes it would increase chances?"
brenbarn asks, "or yes reveal?"
maga_dogg hates being villagers even more now
schep asks (of jwalrus), "why not?"
jwalrus asks, "what does anyone gain by baner owning up, unless they're in danger of lynching?"
brenbarn says (to maga_dogg), "i had more fun just being dead than i probably would have playing."
brenbarn says, "in that large a game"
maga_dogg says (to brenbarn), "there is an element of amusement if you know something the rest don't... otherwise, it sux"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "that was my thought.  and since seer has already owned up, we're back where we tarted."
brenbarn says (to maga_dogg), "nah"
mona says, "so it's a toss up"
jwalrus asks (of maga), "you mean werewolf is only fun when it feeds your superiority complex?"
mona flips a coin.
jwalrus asks, "wait, what are we tossing for?"
maga_dogg says (to jwalrus), "not really... but dead villager has to be the worst possible situation"
brenbarn says, "i'm not tossing anything"
hloif passed confused about five minutes ago.
floyd | boingball votes to lynch hloif.
brenbarn says (to maga_dogg), "no, you get the unique perspective of knowing nothing and trying to figure things out for yourself."
jwalrus says (to maga), "wolf is just as fun to watch, often"
mona says, "i'm tossing between schep and hloif"
jwalrus says, "why those? ... wait, that's not me. ok, good plan"
maga_dogg says, "i suppose it removes the frustration element"
schep says, "heh"
hloif exclaims, "wait!"
brenbarn says, "sounds like as good a pair as any"
mona says, "hloif too quiet, schep too vocal"
hloif asks, "what did i do?"
hloif asks, "i'm too quiet because i don't understand what's going on.  i'm trying to listen to the conversation and figure stuff out.  i'm sorry!  but why does that automatically make me a wolf?"
schep says, "hm. also, hloif quiet _and_ voting for me through all that discussion."
floyd | hloif retracts a vote for schep.
brenbarn says, "heh"
jwalrus says, "hm, tricky"
hloif says (to schep), "i'm sorry, i just wanted to vote for someone."
brenbarn says, "that is pretty suspicious"
jwalrus says, "hloif could be a wolf, i suppose"
boingball says, "we have no real way of telling, now"
jwalrus asks, "but is that really evidence?"
mona says (to jwalrus), "heck, you could be one for all we know"
brenbarn says (to mona), "or you"
jwalrus says, "but you know i'm always a villager"
hloif says (to brenbarn), "or you."
(from brenbarn) dunnananaa
mona says (to jwalrus), "ha ha"
maga_dogg says, "in fact, there is sweet f/a as far as evidence goes"
jwalrus says, "also, as soon as you say that i know i'll be doing a gallows dance before the evening"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "that's the emily argument"
boingball says, "all we know is i'm seer"
hloif asks (of boingball), "okay, and what did you see last night?"
boingball says, "maga."
brenbarn says, "i'm going with my guts here"
maga_dogg says, "me"
boingball says, "as i said"
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch schep.
jwalrus says (to okb), "unlike maga, who's going without his"
floyd | hloif votes to lynch schep.
jwalrus says, "fine"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "heh"
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch schep.
boingball says, "i'm not"
mona says, "hmm..."
schep says, "i'm a villager."
floyd | jwalrus retracts a vote for schep.
jwalrus asks, "wait, why, again?"
schep says, "bye, and good luck baner."
floyd | hloif retracts a vote for schep.
maga_dogg says (to schep), "convinving argument"
brenbarn says (to maga), "shh"
maga_dogg says, "sorry... can't help it"
mona says, "i tend more to hloif, actually"
hloif asks (of mona), "why?!?"
brenbarn asks (of boingball), "who do you think it is?"
hloif says (to mona), "i'"
mona says (to hloif), "call it a hunch"
jwalrus says, "i suspect mona, just because she hasn't been suspected enough"
brenbarn says, "hmm, true"
mona says, "fir enough"
hloif says, "i'm bad at this game, i'm sorry.  i can't figure out the logic as easily as you guys can.  i'm doing my best."
boingball says (to bren), "hloif or you"
mona says, "or pine, even"
brenbarn says (to boingball), "hloif then"
jwalrus asks (of bren), "why not you?"
floyd | mona votes to lynch hloif.
hloif asks, "why me?"
brenbarn bites his lip.
floyd | hloif votes to lynch mona.
hloif exclaims, "mona is setting me up!"
schep says, "one too many 'i'm confused' pleas, i think."
boingball says, "but, despite being seer, i really have no clue"
floyd | schep votes to lynch hloif.
hloif asks, "can i at least defend myself?"
jwalrus says (to hloif), "shoot"
schep says, "sure."
brenbarn says, "yes, go"
boingball throws hloif a twig.
floyd | schep retracts a vote for hloif.
jwalrus laughs.
brenbarn chuckles.
jwalrus says (to hloif), "defend away, before we tire and kill you"
jwalrus says, "darn lag"
maga_dogg says, "i like a lynchin'"
hloif says, "okay, here's the deal.  i have a plugged up toilet, a wedding to shop for, and a game of werewolf to play.  i'm just overwhelmed.  so i'm reading the discussion about the logic and trying to decide whom to vote for.  that's all, honestly."
hloif says, "and if you don't believe me, then go ahead and vote for me."
mona asks (of hloif), "so?"
floyd | brenbarn retracts a vote for schep.
schep says, "okay"
brenbarn says, "meta-reasons again"
floyd | schep votes to lynch hloif.
hloif exclaims, "fine!"
floyd | hloif changes vote from mona to hloif.
