floyd | a new game begins with 7 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, and 3 villagers.  now it is night; time for the
floyd | werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane carrier to
floyd | protect and the rest to sleep.
floyd | bishop, a villager, is remembered at a special service held at
floyd | daybreak.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
maga_dogg says, "aieee"
brenbarn says, "argh"
jwalrus says, "aw"
boingball says, "grm"
brenbarn says, "it's been a while since i played a game where baner wasn't right first night"
jwalrus says, "obviously the baner is crap"
boingball says, "heh"
maga_dogg asks, "so. what to do?"
miseri says, "obviously the baner doesn't have seerly powers."
maga_dogg asks, "iias?"
boingball says, "even the seer doesn't know who the wolves are *going* to kill"
brenbarn says, "that would be an awesome power"
jwalrus says, "that'd be a useful power"
jwalrus says, "timing"
ander says, "no kidding."
miseri asks, "the if i were seer thing, then?"
jwalrus asks, "who do we think might have picked bishop?"
bishop's corpse says, "actually, it would be a completely fucking useless power if not combined with ability to help the target."
maga_dogg says, "hee hee hee"
jwalrus says (to bishop), "depends how far in advance it worked"
ander says, "heh.  that's true, too."
brenbarn says, "not if -- yeah"
maga_dogg says, "ok. iias, jwalrus is a villager"
brenbarn says, "but of course then it'd be impossible"
brenbarn says, "unless the wolves were bots"
jwalrus says, "or the universe were deterministic"
jwalrus says, "anyway, iias, maga is a nonwolf"
ander says (to jwalrus), "wouldn't that make things easy."
maga_dogg says (to jwalrus), "and thumper could somehow tap into this using a fairy cake"
miseri says, "if i were seer, maga_dogg would be a villager"
boingball says, "iias, brenbarn is innocent"
brenbarn says, "if i am seer, ander is a wolf"
boingball says, "ooh, a iias actually a wolf for once"
boingball says, "rather than namby-pamby innocent villager stuff"
ander asks, "me?  a wolf?"
ander exclaims, "but i hate dogs!!"
maga_dogg says (to ander), "grrr"
miseri asks (of ander), "territorial, are you?"
jwalrus asks, "hate them enough to rip out their throats?"
ander says, "heh.  good question."
jwalrus asks, "anyone not do iias?"
brenbarn says, "ander didn't"
ander says, "nope, i sure didn't."
jwalrus says, "i suggest we kill ander on the grounds that he's not the seer"
maga_dogg says, "good grounds as any"
ander says, "personally, i'd rather you not do that."
jwalrus says, "well, it's nothing personal"
ander says, "but i suppose that's the best reason suggested yet."
ander says, "personally, though, i suspect jwal."
jwalrus asks, "why?"
brenbarn says, "heh"
ander says, "sheer malice."
brenbarn says, "more wolfishness"
ander says, "anyone who sounds so 'reasonable' is naturally going to be suspicious."
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch ander.
brenbarn says, "i'm always suspicious of jwal, but you're being suspicious yourself"
floyd | brenbarn votes to lynch ander.
new default channel: if/advocacy/r*if-sux
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch ander.
floyd | ander votes to lynch jwalrus.
miseri asks, "wait, who was it who saw ander as wolf?"
jwalrus says, "brenbarn"
boingball says, "brenbarn"
maga_dogg says (to miseri), "random first-round vote"
miseri says, "okay. so if ander is not wolf, we know brenbarn is not seer."
brenbarn says, "yeah"
floyd | miseri votes to lynch ander.
