floyd | a new game begins with 8 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | wolfsbane carrier, 1 devil, and 3 villagers.  now it is night; time
floyd | for the werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the wolfsbane
floyd | carrier to protect, the devil to identify and the rest to sleep.
brenbarn says, "oh well"
golrien says, "bah"
floyd | no one died the previous night.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
ctate says, "woah"
maga_dogg says, "yay"
brenbarn says, "excellent!"
thrax exclaims, "yay baner!"
hloif says, "wow."
schep says, "yay"
golrien says, "yay"
gunther says, "w00t"
brenbarn says, "but once again we know nothing"
brenbarn says, "this seems to be happening a lot"
hloif says, "well, the wolves know something."
gunther says, "thus, baners suck"
ctate says, "as does the baner and the seer :)"
brenbarn says, "unless they -- well, we've been over this"
schep says, "that's because we always know nothing first round."
maga_dogg says, "and the devil"
golrien says, "so it's to random voting again."
ctate says (to maga), "yeah"
maga_dogg says, "now we all cower in fear, not wanting to be the first to vote and thus get piled upon"
floyd | ctate votes to lynch ctate.
ctate says, "oops :)"
floyd | ctate retracts a vote for ctate.
brenbarn says (to ctate), "so you're the wolf, eh!"
ctate says (to brenbarn), "gnope"
brenbarn says, "just kidding"
maga_dogg says, "ah, so there is a fool in this game after all"
ctate says (to maga), "heh"
gunther says, "snrk"
golrien rolls six dice-sided dice, and gets 1(1), 1(2), 1(3), 1(4), 1(5), 1(6).
ctate says (to maga), "see if i send you any more bug reports... ;)"
brenbarn says, "wrong dice"
golrien says, "bah"
brenbarn says, "no fool"
ctate says, "if i'm the seer, maga_dogg is a wolf."
<andyf> zrblm.
gunther says, "if i'm the seer, brenbarn is innocent"
brenbarn says, "okay, if i'm the seer, maga_dogg is the devil"
</veek> will you / will to / love too? / will you?
golrien says, "if i'm the baner, gunther is a wolf."
schep says, "if i'm the seer, golrien is good."
ctate says (to golrien), "heh"
brenbarn says (to golrien), "don't be silly"
maga_dogg says, "if i'm the seer, schep is the baner."
thrax says, "if i'm seer, hloif is a villager."
hloif says, "if i'm the seer, maga_dogg is guilty."
maga_dogg exclaims, "hey!"
ctate asks, "so what does this buy us?"
thrax says (to ctate), "not much right now, but possible insight later on."
hloif says (to ctate), "the same thing iiats always buys us.  nothing."
schep says, "it seems a lot of nasty things were said about maga_dogg."
floyd | golrien votes to lynch maga_dogg.
brenbarn says, "true"
floyd | ctate votes to lynch maga_dogg.
floyd | hloif votes to lynch maga_dogg.
brenbarn says, "let's not get hasty"
maga_dogg says, "wait wait"
maga_dogg says, "ok, coming clean: i'm the seer, thrax is the devil. i lied earlier on to avoid letting him know i was the seer, since i knew i was unlikely to get baner protection because the wolves know who the baner is."
ctate asks (of maga), "they do?"
hloif asks (of maga_dogg), "why should we believe you?"
thrax says, "hmmm? i'm a villager."
golrien says, "so *someone* is lying."
thrax says, "i dunno what maga is."
schep says, "unvote before someone evil kills him."
floyd | ctate retracts a vote for maga_dogg.
brenbarn says, "uh-oh"
golrien says, "and knowing how trustworthy maga is..."
floyd | golrien retracts a vote for maga_dogg.
ctate says, "easy to find out in one move:"
floyd | hloif retracts a vote for maga_dogg.
floyd | ctate votes to lynch thrax.
thrax asks (of maga), "also, why do the wolves know who the baner is?"
brenbarn says (to ctate), "no"
thrax says (to maga), "the baner wasn't necessarily protecting himself."
hloif says (to thrax), "because they tried to kill someone and he didn't die, supposedly."
ctate asks (of bren), "why not?"
brenbarn says (to thrax), "he probably was"
schep says, "nah, i believe him. don't lynch the devil."
maga_dogg says (to ctate), "yes, no deaths last night, remember? a sensible baner always protects himself first turn"
brenbarn says, "we were discussing this earlier.  there's really no reason to not protect yourself"
gunther says, "if the baner was protecting himself, he should speak up now"
brenbarn says, "on the first night"
floyd | ctate retracts a vote for thrax.
hloif asks (of gunther), "why?"
ctate says (to maga), "nice to assume that everybody knows that...."
brenbarn says (to ctate), "if he's devil, we don't want to waste time killing him"
gunther says, "because it helps"
hloif says (to gunther), "that would alert the wolves to who he is."
maga_dogg says (to ctate), "sorry"
hloif asks (of gunther), "how does it help?"
ctate says (to maga), "(e.g. last game i didn't)"
schep says, "there is a reason. and also the baner should not speak up."
gunther says (to hloif), "the wolves know who he is because he didn't die"
gunther asks (of schep), "no?"
hloif says, "well, i don't think the baner should speak up, personally, but it's up to him."
golrien says (to gunther), "the wolves have an idea who he is, but he could have protected someone else."
golrien says (to gunther), "depends on how crafty he is."
brenbarn says, "heh"
hloif says (to golrien), "oh, right.  duh."
schep says, "if there's a significant chance the baner will protect someone else, the wolves don't really know anything."
brenbarn says, "mmm"
schep says, "so it's not entirely stupid strategy."
brenbarn says, "i still think a wise baner protects himself, because he knows it won't be wasted effort"
ctate scoops up the dice, and rattles them a bit.
ctate rolls a pair of dice on the floor. the red one comes up 4, and the green one comes up 6.
ctate watches the dice.
schep says, "probably best to protect yourself most of the time but not all the time."
brenbarn says, "anyway, this is moot, since i agree it's not a good idea for baner to reveal himself"
schep says, "if we're about to lynch the baner at some point later, by all means speak up."
brenbarn says, "if we say 'baner reveals himself only if he protected himself', and no one reveals himself, then the wolves will know who the baner isn't"
</andyf> .mlbrz
gunther says, "so once again we are down to complete randomness"
maga_dogg says, "ok. don't lynch me, because my heart is pure and i will bring you truth. don't lynch thrax, because we want to get wolves."
ctate says, "especially since, if the baner was protecting someone else, he now knows a non-wolf as well as himself."
floyd | hloif votes to lynch maga_dogg.
floyd | ctate votes to lynch hloif.
floyd | gunther votes to lynch hloif.
floyd | hloif retracts a vote for maga_dogg.
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch hloif.
hloif exclaims, "stop!"
brenbarn says (to ctate), "hmm, true"
ctate says, "(which was my die roll anyway :)"
golrien says, "yeah, maga is kind of suspicious."
hloif exclaims, "i was just kidding!"
thrax says, "definitely don't lynch me, because villager-lynching ain't no good."
floyd | golrien votes to lynch maga_dogg.
maga_dogg exclaims, "eeagh!"
schep says, "mmf"
floyd | thrax votes to lynch hloif.
floyd | schep votes to lynch hloif.
