floyd | a new game begins with 10 players composed of 2 werewolves, 1 seer, 1
floyd | fool, 1 wolfsbane carrier, 1 devil, and 4 villagers.  now it is night;
floyd | time for the werewolves to kill, the seer to identify, the fool to
floyd | identify, the wolfsbane carrier to protect, the devil to identify and
floyd | the rest to sleep.
brenbarn asks, "also, who were the dastardly doers who got me last time?  storme and miseri?"
brenbarn says, "oops, night"
storme says, "random choice"
schep says, "[yes]"
devil brings out giant hammer of sleep menacingly.
colourless green jwalrus sleeps furiously.
gunther says, "yay"
devil sleeps impatiently.
floyd | no one died the previous night.
floyd | it is now day. time to vote on whom to lynch.
brenbarn says, "hooray!"
jwalrus says, "wow"
gunther says, "yay!"
schep says, "yay"
marvin says, "oooooh."
jwalrus says, "neat"
devil says, "wow."
maga_dogg says, "woo"
storme says, "ooo"
brenbarn says, "on the other hand, that leaves us with little information"
storme says, "very cunning"
schep says, "hee, everyone must interject something different."
jwalrus says, "this suggests that the wolves may know who the baner is"
marvin says, "well, it's obviously me and storme, because everyone else was happy."
brenbarn says (to jwal), "true"
schep says (to jwalrus), "likely"
brenbarn says, "there's no reason for baner to protect anyone other than himself the first night"
iain asks, "doesn't the baner protect somebody else?"
miseri says, "unless the baner protected someone other than himself, like any honourable sort would do."
marvin says (to iai), "doesn't have to, know."
jwalrus says, "unless the baner protected someone else just to confuse the wolves in this eventuality"
marvin says, "s/know/no/"
devil says (to jw), "true."
marvin says, "i need sleep."
schep says, "hmm"
brenbarn says (to jw), "hmm"
maga_dogg says (to iain), "no, usually baner protects self until they know who's worth protecting"
jwalrus says, "but that'd be foolish, because you could end up wasting a protection on a wolf or something"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "right"
maga_dogg says, "no point playing silly buggers, since the chance it'll confuse anyone is minimal"
miseri says, "um. i always protect someone other than myself, when i'm baner."
brenbarn says, "with 3 'bad' roles, the odds are not in your favor"
schep says, "it's good to add a little randomness though."
devil asks (of mis), "why?"
<mef> why is a mouse when it spins?
brenbarn says, "it's always safe to protect yourself, but if you protect someone else there's the risk of wasting it"
storme says, "i don't think we have much evidence to go on here at all"
maga_dogg says (to mis), "especially on first turn, it makes no sense"
iain says, "hmmm."
brenbarn says, "we have basically no evidence at all"
marvin says (to storme), "i agree."
gunther asks, "when playing with a fool, wouldn't it be good to have all possible seers speak up?"
floyd | marvin votes to lynch storme.
jwalrus says, "also, if the wolves think you -might- have protected someone else, you lose nothing at all protecting yourself"
maga_dogg says, "as usual"
gunther asks, "the usual "if i'm a seer" game?"
jwalrus says (to gunther), "not really"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "exactly"
miseri says (to maga), "doesn't matter. my sense of honour demands it."
schep says (to gunther), "not -- oh yeah, that."
devil says, "well, we have a fool, so one person's wrong..."
brenbarn says, "oh, we could do the schepler maneuver, i suppose"
jwalrus says, "we could, but with fools it's less useful"
schep says, "well if i'm a seer jwalrus is not a wolf or devil."
schep says (to jwalrus), "more useful, i thought."
schep thinks.
maga_dogg says (to jwalrus), "yeah, but it' give us something to analyse later"
jwalrus asks, "hm, why?"
brenbarn says, "well, i don't think it's any less useful"
maga_dogg says, "if i'm seer, schep is a villager."
brenbarn says, "actually, yeah, more useful"
brenbarn says, "er, wait"
jwalrus says, "wait, yes, it's at least as useful"
marvin says, "if i'm a seer, maga_dogg's a big fat wolf."
gunther says, "if i'm a seer, jwalrus is a fool"
miseri says, "if i'm seer, jwalrus is villager."
brenbarn says, "if i'm the seer, gunther is a villager"
maga_dogg says (to marvin), "hey"
devil laughs.
jwalrus says, "i'm i'm a seer, gunther is not evil"
iain asks, "er, do i have to pretend to be a seer?"
devil asks, "how many seers do we have now?"
jwalrus says (to devil), "one"
devil says, "unless the bad guys were smart, the first 2 are most likely not to be lying."
iain says (to jwalrus), "you fool."
storme says, "if i'm the seer, gunther is a not a wolf"
storme says, "lag, dammit"
brenbarn says, "1 seer and 1 fool"
devil says (to jw), "hee."
devil says (to jw), "i meant claimants."
maga_dogg says (to marvin), "if i was a wolf, i would be svelte and dashing."
jwalrus says, "no-one's claimed to be the seer"
miseri says (to devil), "none."
brenbarn says, "no one has claimed anything"
marvin says (to maga_dogg), "yeah, right, with all the villagers you pig down on? fatty."
brenbarn asks, "pig down?"
gunther asks, "'you villagers'?"
marvin asks (of brenbarn), "yes? what about it?"
gunther says, "wait, misread"
</jasonmel> all evidence indicates that the practices of the ancient ifmudders were obscure.
brenbarn says (to marvin), "never heard that before, is all"
schep asks, "okay, i have something from everyone except devil and iain written down. did i miss anything?"
marvin says (to brenbarn), "it's entirely possible i just made it up. couldn't tell you."
jwalrus just noticed he made a typo, and meant to say "if i'm the seer ..."
maga_dogg says (to marvin), "yeah, but i'd be thin from not eating anything yet"
brenbarn asks, "what is 'something'?"
devil says (to schep), "what bb said."
schep says, "an if-then claim"
brenbarn says, "everybody's said something, but some of -- ah"
jwalrus says, "tr: everyone except iain and devil has made a statement"
devil asks, "why would some one say "if i'm the seer" unless they wanted people to believe they were?"
brenbarn says (to devil), "it's a special play"
maga_dogg says (to devil), "to give us stuff to analyse"
jwalrus says (to devil), "it's a wacky tactic schep invented"
devil unrolls statement. "i'll take a few brief questions afterwards."
iain says, "i never heard of this before, sorry."
maga_dogg asks (of iain), "wha?"
brenbarn says, "it allows us to preserve the seer's knowledge after his death, by checking what back after he dies to see what he said"
iain says, "well, i don't play wolf much."
iain says (to brenbarn), "ooh, good point."
devil says (to iain), "ym "cry wolf""
iain says, "hee."
maga_dogg says, "hmm. no wolf would avoid the schepler manouvre, since that'd draw attention to themselves"
gunther says, "hurry up"
jwalrus says, "remember, there's an unwritten rule that whenever one uses this tactic, there has to be at least one person it confuses"
gunther says, "i don't have all night"
devil asks, "okay, we have no info, right?"
iain says (to jwalrus), "that would be me."
brenbarn says, "right"
devil says, "i'll give you some info:"
jwalrus asks (of maga), "what if they didn't know it?"
storme says (to devil), "right"
devil says, "i'm baner."
marvin says (to devil), "no you aren't."
devil says, "i protected myself."
miseri asks, "can we get a summary of claimants and 'if i were seer' statements?"
jwalrus says (to devil), "how come you didn't speak up earlier? you had nothing to lose"
devil says (to marvin), "if you say i'm not, and you're not lying, then you're the fool."
brenbarn says (to miseri), "yes, if you submit a request to the office and pay the $5 fee"
maga_dogg says (to mis), "just recap for the latter, and the only claimant so far's devil"
schep says, "woo, two baners."
devil says (to jw), "well, we're stalled here."
marvin says (to devil), "i'm lying. maybe."
brenbarn says, "hmm, i was wondering about the consequences of baner revealing self"
devil says, "if you reread, you'll see my rationale for speaking now."
brenbarn asks (of marvin), "wait, are you saying you're the baner?"
devil says, "now, i'm *not* noble."
marvin says (to brenbarn), "no."
jwalrus says, "the only thing the baner had to lose by not speaking up straight away was giving his identity away to the devil"
devil says, "i will now continue to protect myself, unless given a better reason not to."
schep asks (of marvin), "wait, so why did you say that?"
maga_dogg says (to bren), "well, wolves'd be reluctant to go for him, since chances are he'd protect himself more often. but this makes little difference, since the wolves will know him anyway, so he may as well help the villagers out"
marvin says (to schep), "good question."
jwalrus says (to devil), "i'm only wondering why you didn't say anything before"
brenbarn says (to jw), "hmm, okay, since the wolves probably know who he is anyway"
brenbarn says, "oh, also, important thing:"
brenbarn asks, "are we down with signalling?"
brenbarn says, "i've been wanting to try that"
devil says, "one wolf did indeed know that i was baner."
schep says, "i don't like signalling"
devil says, "now both do."
maga_dogg asks (of brenbarn), "signalling?"
<sargent> sargent says, "it's the self-referential connects i don't get."
iain asks, "signalling? is wolf turning into brudge here?"
gunther signals brenbarn his middle finger.
brenbarn says, "well, if we're not, that's cool"
iain says (to brenbarn), "explain, please."
iain says, "in one sentence."
schep says (to devil), "both wolves see who is to be killed."
brenbarn says, "floyd has a 'signal' command that lets you signal other roles at night"
jwalrus says (to bren), "just as an observation, trying to do this in the middle of a game probably won't work"
devil asks (of iain), "can it be a run-on?"
devil says (to schep), "really? that never happened when i was wolf."
brenbarn says (to jwal), "yeah, i know, i meant to ask before we started but forgot"
schep says (to devil), "besides the fact that they probably discussed it."
brenbarn says, "anyway, forget it"
gunther says, "that's not in the help"
maga_dogg says, "yeah, i've never seen that either"
jwalrus says (to devil), "if you're baner, and you protected yourself, both wolves knew who you were as soon as morning came"
devil says (to schep), "ah, right."
brenbarn says (to gunther), "yeah, but it's in the source"
jwalrus says, "timing"
devil says (to jw), "ah, cool. so i wasn't giving anything away."
brenbarn says, "i don't think it works in the day"
devil says, "should've spoken up sooner, then."
iain says (to jwalrus), "but he could have been protecting somebody else!"
brenbarn says, "there it is"
gunther says, "huh"
devil says (to iain), "ah, true."
gunther asks, "so what the hell does it do?"
jwalrus says, "anything you want it to"
brenbarn says, "if you're a wolf you see 'schep signals the wolves'"
schep | "the wolves see you waving your hand around, but don't know what you mean.
devil says, "makes no sense to do anyt5hing else, now, because if i die now, we won't get any more wolf info."
sargent arrives, full of fun, but no funk.
gunther asks, "but schep doesn't see it?"
brenbarn says, "this lets devils signal wolves, seer signal baner, etc."
maga_dogg asks, "so what good does that do?"
miseri says, "looks to me like more than one person thinks jwalrus is innocent. could be a sign."
brenbarn says (to gunther), "well, he knows he did it"
brenbarn says, "but like schep said, it's hard to tell what it means"
storme says (to sargent), "hi"
maga_dogg asks (of miseri), "on what basis?"
jwalrus says, "i'm not a fool, though"
brenbarn says, "hola sarge"
gunther asks, "what is its point?"
brenbarn says (to jwal), "in real life or in the game?  </har>"
jwalrus says, "so gunther can't be either fool or seer"
maga_dogg says (to gunther), "none, it's just nice and friendly ;)"
gunther says, "it's stupid, actually"
marvin says (to gunther), "the point is, you hope they know what you mean by it."
brenbarn says (to gunther), "it's a way to communicate at night, albeit ambiguously"
maga_dogg says (to jwalrus), "i mistrust your silver-tongued analysis"
devil asks, "any more clues from the scheplomatic?"
miseri says (to maga), "just that if two people think they're seer, and they both think jwalrus is innocent, it doesn't matter which is seer and which is fool."
schep says, "i think it's implemented because it's possible in a live game, and some people like to use it."
devil says, "i have no idea who to vote for here."
gunther says, "what jwalrus said is true"
jwalrus says (to maga), "well, you have know way of knowing that i'm not a fool, so fair enough"
iain asks, "can we stop talking about signalling, please?"
brenbarn says, "well, i'm just asking because i've never used it and i wondered how it would affect the game"
iain says, "and get back to lynchin'."
devil says, "so, if only iain and i hadn't talked near the beginning..."
brenbarn says, "yeah, forget the signalling, sorry i brought it up"
gunther says (to iain), "ok"
floyd | gunther votes to lynch iain.
floyd | gunther retracts a vote for iain.
devil says, "...and i wasn't talking because i *was* hiding something..."
devil asks, "...but what i was hiding was good...then could iain be hiding something bad?"
brenbarn says, "if we keep looking for the sandpit, we'll find our home"
devil asks, "who said they might be seer again?"
schep asks (of marvin), "did you ever explain why you objected to devil's claim?"
marvin asks, "wait, has someone claimed to be seer or fool or summink?"
brenbarn says, "devil claimed baner"
jwalrus says, "iain claims he didn't understand the tactic, in which case his not speaking seems pretty reasonable"
storme says (to devil), "everyone bar you and iain"
schep says, "devil claimed to be baner, and jwalrus claimed not to be seer/fool."
devil says (to storme), "hee."
marvin says (to schep), "no. forget i mentioned it. i shoudn't have. i have no idea if he's telling the truth or not."
iain says (to jwalrus), "i initially thought people were actually claiming to be seer."
iain says, "then was confused when three or four more claimed in short order."
new default channel: games/mud/wolf-theory
maga_dogg says, "yeah, but seers can lie in the if-i'm-a-seer game to protect themselves"
schep says, "hmm."
devil says, "well, 1 seer, 1 fool, and both wolves."
brenbarn says (to maga), "that defeats the purpose, though"
schep says (to maga), "that's not very smart."
jwalrus says (to maga), "true, but that gets really wacky"
iain says, "if i were the seer, i'd have made a declaration just to make my knowledge public by now."
maga_dogg says, "well, if the wolves work out who's seer earlier (and they'll have more info), seer go *chomp*"
marvin asks, "can we run through the whole if i'm a seer thing again?"
iain says, "i'm a villager."
devil says, "marvin was third on the i'm-a-seer list."
miseri says (to iain), "that's the point of the 'if i were seer' game."
iain says (to miseri), "_now_ i know that."
floyd | devil votes to lynch marvin.
marvin says, "shit, no."
schep says, "there's no info to go on right now."
iain asks (of devil), "marvin? why?"
marvin says, "don't vote for me."
devil says (to iain), "see above."
marvin says, "not again."
gunther says, "hell, let's get on with it and lynch someone at random"
brenbarn says, "this is a long day, man"
floyd | gunther votes to lynch marvin.
devil says, "if the two "seers" who thought they were said something first..."
floyd | iain votes to lynch gunther.
brenbarn asks, "why marvin, again?"
devil says, "and then the bad guys claimed it..."
gunther says, "not me, i'm a villager"
miseri says (to devil), "they don't think they're seers."
devil says, "*if* that, then marvin was third."
floyd | storme votes to lynch iain.
iain asks (of marvin), "what are you claiming to be, again?"
devil says (to mis), "i don't get that. they said "if i'm a seer""
schep says, "but i was first, and what i am probably has little to no relation on the order of making a claim."
devil says (to mis), "that makes it seem like they were saying they had some info."
marvin says (to iain), "i haven't claimed anything."
storme says, "as much chance of him being wolf as anyone else, as far as i can tell"
gunther says, "ok, either get on with it or kill me to get me out of the game"
devil says (to mis), "whereas only the fool and the real seer would claim to have info."
miseri says (to devil), "that's the 'if i were seer' game i was talking about. everyone says something."
brenbarn asks, "sheesh, where are we now?  who are we accusing?"
iain says, "hmmmm."
floyd | maga_dogg votes to lynch storme.
jwalrus says, "ok, i believe gunther, schep and myself are innocent"
<hjalfi> classic blunders #1: never get involved in a land war in asia.
brenbarn says, "i wish i were an oscar mayer seer"
schep asks (of jwalrus), "why's that?"
gunther says, "speaking for myself, jwalrus is correct"
brenbarn says, "heh"
gunther says, "don't know about schep or jwalrus"
miseri says (to devil), "that way, the real seer/fool can relay their information without risk."
jwalrus says, "wait, no. i have no reason to think gunther's innocent"
gunther says (to jwalrus), "hey!"
brenbarn says, "other than his lovable personality"
marvin says, "i believe jwalrus is innocent. i have absoulely no opinion about anyone else."
jwalrus says, "other than his general fluffiness"
jwalrus says, "timing"
devil says (to mis), "right, but then it gets lost in the shuffle anyway."
storme says, "i think gunther and jwalrus are innocent"
maga_dogg says, "oh, joy. pass the d10"
gunther says, "please can we just kill someone"
iain asks (of marvin), "so the two of you are the wolves, is what you're saying?"
marvin says (to iain), "no."
miseri says (to devil), "yes. but if they die, we have a log of their seeings."
brenbarn says, "i think jwalrus is innocent, but i don't know why"
sargent says, "i'm just here for the slaying."
sargent says, "come for the slaying; stay for the idle chatter."
devil hands sargent knife.
iain asks, "can we lynch sargent?"
brenbarn says, "shit, we need 6 votes to lynch"
brenbarn says, "we'd better get cracking"
jwalrus says, "also, i don't think it's marvin"
iain asks, "or just the largest vote if everyone votes, no?"
iain says, "hint hint"
schep says, "no, we need six"
gunther says (to iain), "if only"
iain says, "hm."
maga_dogg rolls a d8.
floyd | iain changes vote from gunther to marvin.
miseri shrugs.
floyd | miseri votes to lynch storme.
floyd | maga_dogg changes vote from storme to miseri.
floyd | jwalrus votes to lynch storme.
iain says, "hee."
floyd | schep votes to lynch marvin.
floyd | iain changes vote from marvin to storme.
gunther cries.
miseri says (to maga), "you don't want to do that."
marvin exclaims, "not again!"
brenbarn asks, "so, if we assume devil is baner and protected himself like he said, then we can try to figure out: who would kill devil?"
floyd | storme changes vote from iain to marvin.
brenbarn says, "or try to"
floyd | maga_dogg changes vote from miseri to storme.
floyd | maga_dogg retracts a vote for storme.
maga_dogg says, "too close to a random evildoer jumping in and tipping the balance."
brenbarn says, "once again we have marvin and storme leading in the polls"
brenbarn says, "inexplicably"
devil says, "i think the evil-doers are usually some of the first to pile on."
storme says, "hey, i'm no wolf"
devil asks (of storme), "wolftress?"
marvin says, "and i have no idea at all who the wolf is. none. not a clue. clueless."
brenbarn asks, "wixen?"
maga_dogg says (to devil), "she-wolf"
gunther says (to brenbarn), "tmi"
devil says (to maga), "ah, right."
</veek> will you / will to / love too? / will you?
<veek> chital, a deer, an asian deer.
jwalrus says, "ok, at present, i don't suspect me, gunther, marvin, schep or mis, so i'm basically following the crowd with respect to the others"
marvin says, "i just don't know."
maga_dogg says, "or alpha female, since she's the only one here"
devil asks, "how do you get status?"
floyd | gunther changes vote from marvin to storme.
jwalrus says (to devil), "wf who"
gunther says, "please, one more"
maga_dogg says (to devil), "wf wh- what walrus said"
brenbarn asks, "so that leaves what: me, storme, iain, devil -- you suspect devil?"
iain has disconnected.
iain has connected.
iain says, "ow."
floyd | devil changes vote from marvin to storme.
